All right, episode six of the Lonnie and
Ryan podcast and we have a special guest
on here this week. And before I
introduce yourself, I kind of wanted to
tell a funny story, okay? And how all of
this transpired.
So last week after we dropped the last
episode that we did, I was sitting on
the couch just kind of scrolling through
the comments and uh like I always do,
right? We love the comments, love the
comments on the on the podcast. and I
came across your comment and you know
now that I'm thinking about it I don't
even remember what you said but for some
reason and I rarely do this for some
reason I clicked on your name I'm like
who is this guy hot lunchunch Reselling
so I went and I looked at your I looked
at your channel and I'm like wow this
guy's been at this for a while it looks
like he's actually really gaining some
traction lately as well and I'm like I
kind of I kind of like what this guy's
doing so I instantly screenshotted said
your channel and I sent it to Lonnie
and Lonnie said, "Dude, I was thinking
the same thing. I I know who this guy is
already a little bit and I was going to
ask you if we should have him on." I'm
like, "What?"
>> Yeah.
>> I'm like, "All right, well then he's our
next he's going to be our next guest if
he's interested in doing it."
>> Legit, man. I I I saw the same comment
you're talking about and I was going to
message you later on, but you beat me to
the punch. And as soon as you did that,
I was like, "Okay, it's it's supposed to
happen like that."
>> Yeah. And I I'm I'm a believer in
everything happens for a reason. And I'm
like, "Well, this is this is it right
here." So, but anyway, thank you so much
for uh for joining the pod, Chris. We
really appreciate it, and we're super
excited to have you on tonight. But um
human mind
>> because I'm not really much of a
commenter. Like I I probably read a
total of 15 comments on YouTube in my
entire life. So Wow.
>> Um yeah, pretty good. Pretty good life.
>> Yeah, that's great. But um yeah, if you
wouldn't mind just introducing yourself
real quick and kind of telling everybody
who you are. Go ahead, Lonnie. What
>> did you want to do this now or do you
want to do it later?
>> You can there's more to that story.
>> There is. Oh, there is. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So
when whenever I invited whenever I I
reached out to Chris because u we've
kind of talked a little bit in the
comments.
>> Yeah.
>> And um
I think you didn't you mention something
about having Candace on or something
sometime.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. I asked like when Candace
is going to make it.
>> Well, it was supposed to be tonight. We
were gonna have uh Candace and Pam on
tonight. And
do y'all want to I I'm going to share
now. This is Look, this is a a personal
communication
between Candace and I as I was telling
her that she got bumped from the show.
Okay. So, like I thought it was pretty
funny. Here we go.
>> Ryan, I'm gonna let you hear this. I
just I just told Candace I said, "Oh, by
the way, the wife episode got bumped."
>> Yeah. By who? Like, who's better than
us?
>> Oh, god. Everybody hates me today. Oh.
Uh,
>> IT BETTER BE FREAKING Donald Trump or
something.
>> It's hot lunch reseller.
>> She able to look. Oh my god, dude.
>> What about hot snack wife? hot snacks.
>> Oh boy. No, I mean our mission,
especially after the Rev one did so well
>> about it. We're not interested.
>> No, you you No, people are going to love
y'all, but we can just Y'all are always
there. We can just put you in
>> No, we're always
>> So, yeah, I I had a few minutes. I was
in the doghouse for a few minutes,
though. You can apologize to her for me
in her spot.
>> No, but we really are excited. Lonnie
and I have been talking about this for,
you know, the last few few days, four
days. I don't know how long it's I don't
know how long it's been, but
>> we've been talking about this for a
while and um we're super excited to have
you on. But
>> yeah, if you wouldn't mind just kind of
introducing yourself and um kind of
telling everybody what you what you do.
And
>> I mean, I don't know what to say too
much. I um well, first I should start by
apologizing to Lonnie for whatever I
might have done in the past that caused
any kind of friction between us and then
I will just calmly sit here and wait for
a return apology.
>> No, but do we have beef, Chris, that I
don't know about?
>> Well, it's possible that I don't know
about it either, but um
>> Okay. It seems like that's sort of the
trend here. So, I wanted to make sure I
wasn't missing the point.
>> If there's beef, we don't Nobody knows
what it is. So, all right.
>> Uh, so yeah, I mean, I just I just
selling on eBay. That's basically it.
That's the whole story. I um
>> Are you full time or part? Are you full?
>> Oh, no. I mean, I have a full-time job.
I've got a full-time job and then I do
this when I can.
>> Um, about
I mean, I probably started like my mom
started on eBay before I did. like she
was on it way back in the um auction web
days, you know, before it was even
>> called eBay.
>> And um you know, she she was just a
garage sale mom, you know, same as a lot
of moms. I think she took us out and I
don't think I ever had a brand new pair
of pants or anything in my whole life.
Everything came from sales. And um yeah,
so when eBay came around, she was she
was doing her her same old business and
then started selling stuff there, too.
and um got me involved. At that time I
was probably I guess this probably like
1999 something like that or 2000 maybe
and then there was a little while where
you know jobs were scarce and and I was
I guess I I mean I wouldn't have thought
of it as being a full-time reseller back
then
>> but probably two years back then 2000s I
was uh just doing that full-time
>> and then just sort of like faded out you
know I just
>> you know listing here and there one one
or two things a year for the
I don't know, 20 years.
>> Wow. So, you have you have been at it
for a while then.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Wow.
>> So, um
>> So, you you said that you have a
full-time job. Now, I have a question.
>> Yeah.
>> Does your channel name have anything to
do with your full-time job?
>> Not really. I mean, when when I was uh
you know, when I was in school, grade
school, we always had hot lunch once a
week. It was like pizza buns. That's all
we ever had. And ever since then, I
thought I should open a restaurant and
just call it hot lunch. And then um when
it was time to start this eBay thing, I
was like, I'm just going to call it a
hot lunch even though there's no there's
no food involved here. But I just don't
love all of the I I don't like the idea
of it just being like, you know,
Grandma's Attic or something like that.
You see so many eBay shops that have
these kind of names, and I wanted to be
a little bit more
>> unique, I guess.
>> I love I love the channel name. It
definitely caught my eye. So yeah,
>> it's it's everybody. There's so many
pickers and flippers
>> out there that that's been done to
death, right?
>> It starts to get confusing about which
one which one's which.
>> Yeah.
>> But um I I I watched one of your videos
the other day and I think you you said
you had been kind of like pretty serious
about this for about three years now. Is
that right?
>> Yeah. I I think I'm going on my fourth
year of like really taking it seriously
because so about I guess about three or
four years ago my mom passed away and
then it was like almost immediately I
just started selling again and I I
didn't really think about it until later
that I'm like I'm trying to just
>> keep some kind of connection with her.
Like this was an important thing for
her. She
>> every bit of money she earned you know
from eBay she gave it to other people
and helped my nieces and you know get
through college and stuff. So, if I'm
not doing that, I'm keeping this money
for myself. But, um, it's I do feel like
a connection to her still, you know, by
doing something that she would she would
get a kick out of.
>> Oh, wow. That that is really cool
because my dad introduced me to eBay.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> Around around that same time frame and I
I went to a few like country auctions
with him.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And I was with him. Um, and I'd never
done any of that before. And um, that
that's where I that's when I got my
first bought my first and sold my first
item on eBay was around like 98 time
frame somewhere in there.
>> And
>> yeah, my brothers and I, we were we were
going to auctions all the time back
then. And it was like,
>> you know, at that time, nobody really
realized what stuff had value. And
there's no way to search it up. You
know, you're out there at some some
farmhouse or whatever. you're just doing
your best, hoping that you're finding
stuff worthwhile. But I would buy like,
you know, crates full of records nobody
wanted. They would be it'd be the last
item on the block and they sell it for a
dollar or, you know, a box with like 500
hardcover books in there and nobody
wants it, you know, so I'll take it. And
then maybe one book in there is worth
selling. The rest of it ends up at the
thrift store or whatever. So yeah, I
spent a lot of time at auctions back
then. Not so much now. It's a little bit
harder.
It was easier back then too as far as
like once you knew you were going to
sell something, you didn't have to worry
about what price to put on it because
you couldn't
>> all options. Yeah.
>> Right. Right.
>> And you know like it's going to be sold
in a week. That's it. You you list it
and it's either sold or it's not in in
that 7-day period. So
>> some ways it was a lot easier.
It's crazy how much the uh the the
reselling thing has changed in the past.
Just I mean I think I started I started
my YouTube channel in 2019 and when I
started and I was going to yard sales
and stuff, it was easy to find great
stuff. Super easy. And I noticed very
quickly as you know the rise of a lot of
different YouTubers and and it became
like a big trend how quickly that
changed just in my local area. And I
would assume it's probably true for
everywhere.
>> Yeah.
>> But um I I did I was watching one of
your videos the other day and I I saw
that you mentioned that you go to the
thrift store basically every day. Is
that mostly like
>> is that mostly where you source or do
you go to garage sales and stuff too?
>> Well, I mean here in Chicago it's cold
so we don't have a you know nine months
of garage sale season. I guess you
probably had that same same issue too.
But I just saw somebody on the channel
saying, "Oh yeah, we're getting ready
next week garage sale season starts."
And I was thinking like, what what week
are you in? Because for me, I'm looking
at three months before we can get out
there and and uh visit some garage
sales.
>> So, yeah, mostly thrift stores these
days in the in the summer, we'll be back
out at at uh garage sales and
occasionally estate sales, although they
make me feel bad, so I don't usually
like to go to them.
>> Yeah, you wait. That's
>> Yeah, I just always feel like, you know,
somebody probably died here and they're
just getting rid of their stuff and it I
don't know, feels a little bit
I don't know. I don't I don't like the
feeling of walking around somebody's
house knowing that they probably
wouldn't want me there, you know.
>> I I respect that. I respect that. So So
you feel do you feel like somewhat of a
vulture in that kind of situation?
>> Sometimes I do. Yeah. Especially, you
know, you talk to other people and
they're like rubbing their hands
together like look at this, I'm going to
do this and do that. Like oh man, I
don't I don't feel good about that at
all.
>> But I do feel good, you know, cashing
the checks or whatever. So, I shouldn't
uh I I definitely do it. It's just not
my favorite favorite thing.
>> I used to feel that same not not quite
like like a vulture, say, but it did
feel weird cuz every time I'm like, "Oh
my gosh, this is a dead person's pen.
This is a dead person's coat. This is a
dead person's whatever, you know."
>> But the way I look at it
is
we serve a purpose just like vultures
actually serve a purpose.
>> Yes. Right.
>> You know what I mean? Like
>> that's a really bad
>> Those houses got to get cleaned out.
They they just that stuff has to go
somewhere. So somebody's got to take it.
>> It has to go. And it like it it helps
the family,
>> right?
>> Move on. They have to get the family
doesn't want the stuff,
>> right?
>> It's got to I mean, but yeah. I tell
>> I mean that's sad in its own way. Like I
I used to go some of those auctions I
used to go to, they would set up, you
know, they set up on tables in the front
yard the night before and then it rains
overnight and you're walking around
looking at like this is somebody's
marriage certificate.
>> Here's somebody's, you know, army
discharge papers and the kids don't want
it and it just got rained on.
>> Somebody's whole life here just getting
rained on. I I mean some of those
auctions are pretty sad, too. I I
remember I bought some stuff like
somebody's somebody passed away and she
was an artist and I was just thinking
like your kids don't want all this
artwork that you made, you know, these
drawings and paintings and I bought all
that stuff just cuz I felt bad and then
I mean five years later I threw it all
in the garbage like I can't keep this
stuff but um yeah sometimes those some I
guess this business can be a little sad
sometimes if you uh if you let it be.
>> Yeah.
>> I didn't want to bring things down. That
wasn't that wasn't my plan to make this.
>> No,
>> I totally understand why you feel that
way.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Cuz I remember like I didn't go to
a lot of estate sales either when I was
doing this,
>> but I do remember every time we went to
one, it was very eerie feeling. I never
felt sad necessarily, but it did feel a
little bit uncomfortable.
>> Part of that could be because I had a
camera strapped to my chest, too, but
You know, I had I had one one time where
I felt really uncomfortable at an estate
sale. The they had an the estate sale
company was running the sale and but it
wasn't for someone that died. It was for
an elderly lady that was going about to
go to like a a nursing home,
>> right?
>> She was sitting, she was stationed. And
usually they don't let they don't in
that situation they don't let they don't
let the people
>> in the house during the sale.
>> But look, she was sitting in a chair
right by the checkout just sitting there
watching all the stuff.
>> What is that?
>> As it got sold
>> and I was like, "Oh my gosh." Now that
>> you can stay you can stay here and
watch, but you can't say a word.
She's like, I
>> I just had one uncomfortable sale just a
maybe a couple months ago. I went into
this house and and it was the same
situation where the guy was going into a
nursing home,
>> but they had one whole room that was
like the adults only room. It's like the
poor. It said right on the door, porn
room,
>> so I felt a little uncomfortable there.
I've never seen that at a sale. They
usually just throw that stuff out. But
>> yeah, that was real weird.
>> Quick interruption. We want to thank you
all so much for your continued support
of the Lonnie and Ryan podcast. But
wait, we have started a new membership
program. You can now be part of the
inner circle where we will do a live
stream once a month just for the inner
circle members.
>> If you want to be a part of the inner
circle, all you have to do is hit join
down below.
>> Hope to see y'all in the live streams.
It's going to be a ton of fun.
>> All right, now let's get back to the
show.
>> Here's another story. You got me
thinking now here, Chris. Uh, I went to
one estate sale where the um the
deceased,
you know what they did for a living?
They sold coffins for a living.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And I bought they had like their the
salesman's um like cases and inside of
the case they had these um big binders
with all these different models of of um
what do they call it instead of a
coffin? What's the other word
>> for the casket? Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> And like it had it was like a car. It's
like like like you know a bunch like
like when they're selling cars and you
know it's like they're trying to put
them at cool nice looking angles and
stuff and like this model has this or
that you know
>> extra padding in the headboard,
>> right? And I was like
and I bought both of those things for
$5. And I mean, now that I think, man,
that probably sounds terrible to you,
huh, Chris?
>> No, I mean, that sounds cool to me. I
would buy that for sure.
>> Uh, I I like that kind of stuff that's
like you just can't get anywhere else.
Like
>> um I love um like employee uniforms.
Like I don't think that stuff even sells
that well, but it just feels cool. Like
I got this shirt that says whatever, you
know, Home Depot on it. I can't you just
can't go to the store and buy that. Um,
and I like like the stuff you can't even
sell. I got like posted postal uniforms
and police uniforms and stuff like that,
>> but it's hard to uh figure out how to
sell that stuff
>> unless it's real old,
>> right? Yep.
>> So, that's the other thing. I was
watching some of your videos and your
setup looks pretty organized and like
from the videos it looked like it's
pretty big as well. Is are you selling
like where are you selling? Are you in
your basement or
>> It's the basement. Yeah. So, we bought
this house
This house we we got maybe like six
years ago. We bought this house and it
had like the reason we bought it.
There's an apartment on the second floor
and an apartment on the basement and we
were going to rent it out and pay the
mortgage that way, you know.
>> But then like we quickly figured out
that we can't let anybody live down
here. Like the um it turned out the lady
who lived here before us got shut down.
She had like from according to the
neighbors she had something like 16
people living down here.
>> And oh my gosh.
>> And I'm like I could barely stand up
straight. So, I don't know how I could
stand up and have another guy looking at
me, you know, that would be creeping me
out. So, she got she got booted out of
here. I think like the police came and
they told her she couldn't rent it. And
then I think that's why she wanted to
sell like some somebody in the
neighborhood called the police on her
and she wasn't happy about it. So, so
it's basically it was like there goes
our plan like we can't rent this out.
The ceilings are too low. Like if I
stand up here right now, I don't even
have to go on my tiptoes and I can hit
that hit the ceiling.
>> Wow.
>> So, um low ceiling. So, it's it turned
out fine, though. We've got I've got a
living room here. This is a bedroom I'm
in. I got my photo booth here. I left
the bed here on the on the side just in
case we ever have any guests or
anything. They can have sort of a spare
room here, even though it's, you know,
they got shelves full of junk that might
fall over on them. Um, and then then the
kitchen, I have stuff in the hallway and
all the closets. So yeah, I keep I have
to keep it pretty organized because it's
just so much like I wish I could just
have a warehouse with straight shelves
and it could be A, B, C, and D, but I've
got living room one, living room three,
living room six, you know, I got all
these different locations all over the
place.
>> And you have a you have a kitchen too
down there, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I do all my packing in the
kitchen and I've got storage in there
too, like in the in the cabinets. I keep
my bubble wrap in the sink, you know,
just pull it out of the sink. I couldn't
>> I wait for one day when I accidentally
hit the faucet and and soak everything
there.
>> I couldn't figure out what was going on.
I couldn't figure out if if you lived in
your eBay inventory.
>> Like that's
>> that's what I thought. I thought this
guy lives in his work or something like
he's in his kitchen and all and he's got
all of his inventory instead of food in
there. And I'm like what is going on? I
couldn't figure it out.
>> Yeah. I built a bench in there to fit in
that kitchen and I do all my packing in
there.
>> That's pretty cool though cuz I like
>> I don't know for sure, but I I would
venture to say that you probably have
one of the most unique YouTube like uh
eBay setups on YouTube right now because
I don't think anybody else is,
>> you know, doing what you do in the
basement that's like also an apartment.
So,
>> somebody left a comment one day. They
said, "Is this guy living in a tiny
house or is he a giant?"
I responded like it's a little bit of
both, you know. I'm 6'4 and a pretty big
guy. So,
>> wow.
>> Yeah, these I I don't really recognize
how weird that looks on video sometimes
to have my
>> my head just two inches away from the
ceiling.
>> Okay. Oh, I got to ask. What's your
dog's name?
>> All right. This is Pineapple.
>> Pineapple.
>> He know he's a shelter dog. He's sort of
the mascot here, even though he hasn't
really been on camera that much. But I I
knew if I didn't bring him to to uh talk
to you guys, I would never hear the end
of it from my wife. He always says every
time she watches one of my videos, she
said it was pretty good, but uh there
was one thing missing. Do you know what
it was? Like I know I didn't have
pineapple in the video. So she likes him
to to appear on these videos. So
>> he seems awesome. I'm bringing today.
>> He's pretty. Did your wife Does your
wife participate in uh reselling at all?
>> No, almost almost none. A couple of
times she's come and help me with
inventory or something like that. And a
few times she has brought home some
things. Like one of the best sales I
ever had, she found these Lord of the
Rings posters from the late 70s or 80s.
And I think there were three or four of
them and I sold them for like $600. Like
at that time might have been the most
expensive thing I ever sold. So, um,
she's she's but but most of the mostly
she's not that interested in it.
>> You know, I get
>> Is she okay with all of the is she okay
with all of the stuff in the house?
>> You know, she never complains. And like
I I made a plan a plan that I was going
to keep everything down here and never
bring anything upstairs. But that plan
kind of went out the window pretty
quickly because I get lonely down here,
you know? I want to keep working and I
want to be up there with her at the same
time.
>> So, um,
>> but the house is a disaster up there.
She um she she doesn't complain about
it, but I'm sure in her in the back of
her mind, she's thinking about can you
get this junk out of the dining room,
>> right?
>> And and what does she think about um
what does she think about YouTube?
>> I think she's more interested in that.
Like she got really really excited when
we were starting to get to the thousand
subscriber point and she was like she's
asking me like can you can you just make
me a mod or something? Can I? Because I
want to see what's going on. I want to
track it while I'm at work or whatever.
>> So, uh, that's awesome.
>> That's great to have a, uh, significant
other that really supports you in that.
That's a huge cuz I I had the same
thing. My wife was a huge supporter.
Well, she was actually on the channel
most of the time.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But, um, yeah, having that is huge when
you're doing YouTube. It really is.
>> There was, um, one day we were testing a
live live stream. I never did it, but
she was sitting right next to me and she
could hear her own voice on there and
she was like, "Oh, no, no, turn it off.
turn it off.
>> Yeah,
>> I I know that feeling.
>> Have you ever done a live before, Chris?
>> No, I I I never felt like I had enough
people yet, you know, to try to do that.
I I don't know how many.
>> Is this your live?
>> I suppose it is. Yeah.
>> Wow. Wow.
>> Well, no, it's not live. I
>> It's not really live.
>> Pre-recorded.
>> Same format.
>> We We don't edit, though. We don't edit.
It just goes straight up. So, it might
as well be live. I do uh Zoom meetings
at work every day. So um
>> Okay.
>> It's not that uncommon to me.
>> So that's something I noticed when I was
looking at your channel. Like So you've
been about you've been doing you've been
doing YouTube for about like a year,
right? Like 11 months or so.
>> Um yeah, I think yesterday the 12th is
the is the one year point. And I have uh
I just recorded that video yesterday.
We'll go up on the 12th. So one year is
coming up. And I I um somewhere along
the way I made a commitment to do a
video every day for at least a year and
now I'm trying to figure out what I'm
going to do after this about if I can
keep it up or not.
>> So that was my first thought when I was
look Go ahead, Lonnie. C
>> I just wanted to ask you uh while while
y'all do while y'all talk about that,
can I share do you mind if I share
screen of your YouTube channel, Chris,
and maybe look back at your Okay, cool.
So, um, that's that's something I
thought. Let me let me bring it up. Hold
on. There it is.
So, that that was my my first thought
when I was looking at your channel. I
was like, "Wow, this guy's been doing
this for a year. He's gaining traction.
There's no way that this isn't a passion
of his." Is YouTube a passion of yours?
>> Well,
I I don't know. I mean, I'm trying to do
the least amount of work on it as I
possibly can, which it sounds weird, but
I figure like I'm just going to film the
work I'm doing anyway,
>> and I do very little editing or anything
like that after the fact. Um,
>> I don't do much pre-planning on these,
although I'm trying to get into that a
little bit. You know, get I could see
where I'm more successful is when I do
plan a little bit ahead of time. So,
yeah,
>> I am working on that. Um, but it's just
a matter of time. You know, I've got a
full-time job and then only so much
time. I'd rather be listing new
inventory than writing scripts or
something like that. So,
>> yeah,
>> this that's surprising for me to hear
because when I was going through like
I'm going through your channel right now
and here's what I see. Okay, this is uh
11 months ago.
>> That's real old. Yeah.
>> 73 31 59 23
>> views. And then if if I go forward, if I
keep going up a little bit, we'll go to
like 10 months ago. 19 views, 29 views,
62. Nobody was freaking watching.
>> No. And you didn't.
>> And then if if I keep going, look, 15
views, 37, 23. How like
at that point right there, did you feel
like it wasn't ever gonna like like it
wasn't ever gonna work?
>> I mean, I just assume that's that's how
it goes for everybody. You start out and
it's slow. Like, how would anybody know
who I am or how how could they find me,
you know? I'm just
>> I'm just some guy, you know, they never
heard of me. Um,
>> and I I guess the whole thing was kind
of I mean, definitely inspired by you,
Lonnie. Okay. And and not even
necessarily like to be a YouTuber just
cuz I wanted to sell more stuff and I
was seeing like I would see you make a
video and say here here's the items that
we picked up today. There would be
something in there that I had in my shop
and then you the next day the next video
you say yeah we sold that and here's the
price we sold it for. And I would say
wait mine is the exact same price. The
exact same thing. The exact same price
and I've had it for a year. This guy
sold it in a day. like I got to figure
out if he's just selling stuff to uh
viewers, but it it turns out probably
not. Like I barely sell anything to
viewers as far as I can tell. Um but
that was like the inspiration like I
want to sell more stuff faster and and
uh if these if these folks can do it
then um are are they just selling to
their audience? That's what I was I was
thinking like
>> um but I I guess it's probably some
percentage to your audience but I
wouldn't imagine it's that much. It's
it's usually like usually it's the lower
dollar. Not always. Usually it's the
lower dollar stuff. And if I had to put
a number on it, I would say probably
around 15% of the time.
>> Well, that's pretty good.
>> Something like that to me, you know.
>> Yeah. No, it's it's it's substantial,
don't get me wrong, but it's it's not
that much. Uh but but it does add up.
And
>> I see your first, it looks like your
first break
>> kind of happens around here about nine
months ago.
>> What how many numbers you got there?
>> Uh, let's see. 144 views here and then
231 on the next one.
>> And you notice too he
>> Yeah.
>> He started changing his thumbnails a
little bit, putting his face in them.
>> Yeah. At the beginning, I didn't want to
be on camera at all. Like I'd say the I
I was I just looked at some of the old
videos the other day and I was surprised
that that it was like less than a month
before I decided to be on camera, but I
really didn't want to. I was concerned
about I mean I'm concerned about my
appearance. I'm concerned about the
sound of my voice. I don't want to I
don't want to hear that stuff. But um
that that stuff went away pretty quickly
for me. Maybe within a week I wasn't
really cringing. But um
yeah, I'd say it was like a month and I
was like, well, I mean I I have some uh
marketing background and I know that
people like to see faces, you know,
that's what sells stuff. So it's like,
do I want to get people to click on
these videos or not? I start putting my
face on there.
I I'm just fascinated by this
progression that you've been that you
were on for like the first three months
or so because you said that's just how
it goes. Nobody watches it first and
then you just build slowly. However,
when I started, well, it wasn't shed
flips at first. It was actually garage
flips.
>> Yeah. the after the third video.
Pete Craigslist Hunter. I'm sure you've
watched him before, huh?
>> I never even heard of him.
>> Oh, you haven't? Okay. Well,
>> Pete Pete the Craigslist Pete Craigslist
Hunter. He's um he's got a he's got a
massive channel now. Like
>> half a million subs or something like
that.
>> Yeah. But back then it was like 30,000.
He gave me a shout out.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Go check him out. It's good
stuff, man. But he gave me a shout out
after my third video. Somehow
uh he he came across my videos and he
shouted me out on a live show he was
doing and next thing I know I've got all
these uh I went from like 30 subs to
>> I don't know 200 and something in the
matter of like 12 hours. So, I did not
actually experience like that same
>> thing that I'm looking at on your on
your channel because I got really really
lucky.
I I do a little uh lurking around on
Reddit and they have a bunch of YouTube
um subreddits there and you see people
say like my first video I got 100,000
views and I I'm already monetized made
one video but I I thought like either
these people are exaggerating or or um
you know it's a fluke. People just most
people are never going to get to a
thousand subscribers. They're just going
to post a little bit here and there and
that's it. M
>> so I figured that's how it goes. You
know, you just build slow and that's
seems to be basically what's happened to
me. I I did beat my I made like I after
my first couple of months I could see,
you know, this many subscribers has gone
up this much and I started doing some
math and predictions and I in just um
when was it Saturday or Sunday? It was
the day I was talking to you. the um
I like while we were talking a
notification popped up from my calendar
that said 1,000 subscribers. So that's
what the day I had predicted I would get
there and it was like a year just about
a year I figured it would take but I I
had a few videos do a little bit better
and I got there faster than I
>> That's the thing. All all it takes is
just to have one one video take off or
or you know a few take off and it can
literally change everything in
overnight. I really haven't even had any
that are like, you know, astronomical. I
think my highest view count is like
10,000, 12,000. So,
>> that's that's a lot though. That's a
lot.
>> And then then after that it quickly
dives down to like 6,000 and then 4,000
and then back into the thousands again.
So, um but that one video I I posted
like November 16th and by um November
19th, I think I was monetized. So,
that's the one that did it. I when when
I was looking, the reason I have your
channel pulled up is because I was like
I almost felt like I could see your
thought process of okay, this didn't
work. This didn't work. Oh, wait. That
worked. Let me hammer away at that thing
some more.
>> Yeah.
>> And I I I see you working on like your
titles and your thumbs and like this
thumb right here. USPS price hike.
>> Yeah, I see that one where I have no hat
on. And it looks looks weird.
>> Yeah. And look, you kind of like put you
set the u the word nail part of it kind
of behind your shoulder. That creates
some interest. It kind of makes it look
a little more 3D, you know. And
>> Yeah.
>> And then
>> people hate when the when the price of
shipping goes up. So smart topic.
>> Yeah.
So, so my my biggest topic has been the,
you know, the promoted listing policy
changes. And I
>> I've I don't want to just keep repeating
the same thing, but every time there's
new news about that, I do more more
videos about it, and they seem to do
pretty well for me. Oh, here's the low
ceiling.
>> Wait, what's that?
>> If you scroll back up a little bit,
here's where I'm touching the ceiling
with my head right there.
>> Oh, right here. Low ceiling.
I'm looking for when I'm looking for
when you start.
>> Look how much better the thumbnails are.
>> Should be around November when I start
um when I start going off on promotions.
>> Yeah. And you know that that's a you you
you're not you're not doing any like
talking about anything negative, but
that's a trap for a lot of a lot of
people that are on YouTube. tough
>> it is that they find I I find like the
videos that do the best are when we talk
about things negative things are
absolutely
>> especially negative things like if I if
I screw up or I get scammed
>> or you know um postage goes up it's
never the good things that people want
to see right
>> well look at that he he did that there
and that was his first thousand view
video
>> right here Yep. Yep.
>> Mistake right there.
>> Yep.
>> I am
>> seems like
>> I mean I'm I I don't want to I don't
want to send a lot of negativity out.
You know, there are things I get mad
about eBay. Like I was just
>> on my app. I don't I haven't seen
anybody talking about it, but on I was
just before we started filming, I was
trying to do some photos and the app's
just not working. I just keep getting
this notification and it's making me so
mad and I'm thinking like, okay, I got
to make a video about everything that's
wrong with this damn app.
We you know the the truth is too is that
it
whenever we do that eBay watches a lot
of this stuff too.
>> They have social media people
>> that that watch this stuff. So you can
potentially be making a difference.
>> Look here. Here's where you start to get
bad business eBay. I mean this is a
great thumbnail, Chris. I mean, I put
that little eBay logo in the exact same
spot pretty much every time.
>> Turn off eBay promoted listings now.
Nobody likes e promoted listings. So
>> So yeah, that must have been my first
time. That was back when they were just
starting to introduce that in um in
Europe. And I was like, this is this is
bad. This is going to be a bad policy.
And it's it's coming this way whether we
wanted to or not. You know, people will
disagree with me, but I don't I don't
feel like it's even necessary to do it.
I I turned it off. I didn't see a single
dip in my sales. I
>> mean,
I was only promoting at 2%. So, is it
even worth doing at that percentage? I
don't know. But, um, yeah. Then, here we
go. 30 days later or something like
that, I started uh or 10 days later.
>> I I started a whole series on these
promoted listings because I could see
that it was that people wanted to hear
about it.
>> Look at that. 12,000 views.
>> Yeah. that. So that must be my best my
best um video at yet.
>> And then look, you you come back and hit
it again right here too. eBay side of
the story.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> There was a there's a video out there
and I'm not sure if I mentioned it in
there, but somebody did a um interview
some some lady on YouTube has like 600
followers. Got a interview with two guys
from the marketing team there at eBay
where they explained all about that and
nobody is watching that video. And
that's the one I wanted like I'm going
to do a review of this video and I want
you to go and watch it. But it's still I
mean barely has any views on it. So I'm
not sure how they chose her channel when
there are people, you know,
>> somebody like Lonnie they could talk to
and they could get a lot more eyes on
it.
>> They don't they don't you know what you
know what's funny? I think a lot of
people assume over the years have
assumed that I'm like in eBay's pocket
or they're in my pocket. I don't know
which one it is. I have never because I
see other YouTubers that have like swag
sent to them and stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> eBay has never shown me the first bit of
love out, you know, like I have no
relationship with eBay whatsoever other
than what any other seller has. None.
>> Yeah. I mean, I hear you sometimes
talking about I had to give them a call
and it's just like a regular dude who
has to call them and wait on hold like
everybody else.
>> Yep. Yep.
But I see I see that you keep on
hammering away and it works. And that I
think that's like for for people that
are like
maybe new at YouTube. If something
works, keep going with it.
>> Yeah. I I guess sometimes I'm trying to
build like here's a series. So if you
want to find out what happens next in
this saga, you're going to have to
subscribe.
man, you might have a 100,000 views just
from uh the promoted listings thing.
Here's another one. Yeah,
>> I think I probably have about 10 videos
about that. You know, every time there's
a little bit more news, like just
recently at Value Added Resource, um
what's her name? Liz Morton.
>> Yeah. He just um reported on people
complaining that their their um
promotions went up to 100%. Like every
single sale is is promoted listings.
>> Wow. That's smart that you're doing that
though because not only are you like
adding value to people who sell on eBay
and giving them insight to what's going
on, but you're actually building a base
of loyal viewers by doing so. You know,
these people they they'll see like
you're you're helping them out, right?
And they see that and they subscribe and
and now they're going to come back for
more and follow you for maybe ever,
which is great.
>> Hopefully. Yeah. Uh, that's something I
wanted to ask you. Like what's what's
your
>> what's your goals for like YouTube as
far as like what you want to do overall?
Like I mean I don't think you I don't
think you want to be the promoted
listing guy forever, right?
>> No. No. And I don't want to be like the
expert either. Like that's that makes me
a little uncomfortable. Like there
there's
>> pretty often in the comments somebody
will say like, "Can you help me? Can you
tell me how to do this or how to do
that?" And like I don't know the answer,
but I can Google it and find out for
you.
>> Yep. But um yeah, I'm always trying to
be careful to say like this is my
opinion, you know? I'm just some guy. I
bought a camera. Everybody else can buy
one, too.
>> Um and I've been doing a lot of
experiment videos like trying to see
like there's all these legends and myths
about you got to do this stuff if you
want your channel, if you want your uh
shop to succeed. And nobody's ever
testing that stuff. Like they just heard
some other guy say it and so they're
going to say it too. And so I'm trying
to test it even though it's like it's
not possible to do a real experiment.
You can't control the variables on eBay,
but I'm just doing my best to to see
like if if I stop sending offers, is
that going to hurt my shop? If um like
this week, I haven't been listing
anything. I decided for for seven whole
days I'm not going to list anything
because everybody says you got to list
every day. If you don't list every day,
eBay's going to shuffle you off to the
back. And I haven't had that experience
just yet. I I'll be um diving into those
numbers a little bit tomorrow to see
like how did this week compare to the
week before and it's only seven days you
know it's not this is not a rigorous
study but um it's fun to to see like if
I do this what's going to happen and
every one of these videos is going to
end with me saying like I don't know I
don't know who knows you know there's no
way to know
>> that's great because I think a lot of
times as YouTube like a lot of a A lot
of times YouTubers feel like they do
have to know, right? They do have to
tell everybody this is how it is.
>> And
I don't think
I was like when I did YouTube, I always
made sure that I said I don't know. And
I always made sure that because I I I
felt the same way as you when I was
doing YouTube.
>> I'm just afraid people don't hear it.
you know, you could say it if you want
to, but um if they if I say I sold this
thing and I made $200 on it, they're
going to think that guy knows what he's
talking about and
>> right,
>> you know, got a lot of people asking me
for advice and I don't feel that
comfortable providing that advice all
the time because
>> like I said, I mean,
>> I had a spare 300 bucks and I bought a
camera. That's the whole story of why
I'm on YouTube, you know?
>> Right. Right. Yep.
>> And sometimes I do these experiments and
somebody will say, "You did it wrong.
You should do this." And I'll say like,
"Great, man. do it. You know, go ahead
and make a video about that.
>> That's that's a great way to look at it.
>> You know what's interesting about though
about that though, uh, Chris, because
I've always felt that same way. No
matter what I've done, I've never felt
like the expert.
>> Ever. No matter how many time Well, man,
how did I do that?
>> You're the expert, Lonnie.
>> I make confetti.
>> I saw that the other day. I don't know
how that works.
>> Yeah, it's weird. I don't know why it
does that,
>> man. It must just be like a little
Easter egg or something. But but like in
every every job I've ever had,
I I try to make reinforce like if
somebody asked me something I don't
know, I would be I don't know where
another person will just make something
up.
>> Yeah.
>> And I I actually found the more I told
them I don't know and I'm unsure,
>> the more they would trust me. And then
it would make it would like just amplify
this uh thing where they would look at
me as the expert even though I was
saying I don't know all the time. And
it's like uh it I I know exact I deal
with that all the time because like we
have things that happen here like like
we had some issues with um eBay standard
envelope
>> over and over
>> and we got sick of it. It didn't make
enough money for us. It wasn't that much
of a percentage of our sales for us to
continue to mess with it and we decided
just to dump it. And I I feel like a lot
of people that were watching that would
heard that as you should not be using.
>> Yeah.
>> You should not be using this. And that's
not what we're saying at all. You know,
because it could just be like maybe the
hub our stuff is going through is super
picky or or whatever. But yeah, I'm I'm
constant that battle never stops, Chris.
It never stops.
>> Yeah, I I saw you posted something about
that in the in the water cooler and a
lot of people were saying, "I never have
any problems." I never have any
problems. But I don't ship enough of
that stuff out. I've probably done 10
eBay standard envelopes total. So, u but
I've never had one go missing. So, I
don't know.
>> Post Office here.
>> Maybe we're doing it wrong. I don't
know. But the the number of people
saying they've never had problems with
it. Uh, and you also never know the
sample size,
>> right?
>> Right.
>> But that's the thing I I saw I found
your channel, Chris. You commented I
think on one of I don't I think it was
like on a packing video or something. I
don't remember where it was.
You said something about the camera
angle or No, you that you used you
mounted your camera to the wall.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Down.
>> Yeah. And I was like, "Now what?" And I
said, "Well, what does this guy know
about film and shipping? I never heard
of this guy."
And so I clicked I clicked on you and
I'm like, "Oh, wait. He does do it." And
I'm like, "Actually, he's right. It
looks fantastic. It looks great like
that."
>> And I think just by coincidence, almost
the exact same time when you started
filming like more full body, I started
doing it like just by maybe even the
same day it could have been. And that's
something I was like, I don't know about
this. I don't know if I want these
people looking at my whole whole body. I
can I could stomach them looking at my
face. But um but then it's the same
thing. I was like I was doing point of
view shots, you know, chest mounted and
people were kind of complaining about it
a little bit. Like h all right, I'll
just do it.
>> Um but yeah, I still don't feel so
comfortable with that.
>> No,
>> you'll get more comfortable with it as
time goes on. You'll get used to it. I
think the first time I commented on
anything related to you was after you
had your um
>> I'm assuming that was some kind of low
blood pressure situation where you fell
and
>> and I was like, "Hey, hey man, you
better just clench your legs a little
bit before you stand up because I think
that's a blood pressure issue." Because
I I had that same situation few years
ago. I lost a lot of weight and I passed
out like five times just getting up out
of bed. So I was like, "Man, you better
uh you all you got to do is just clench
your leg muscles and then then you can
stand up. You'll be fine."
>> That's exa That's exactly what it was,
too.
>> No,
>> no,
>> no. I haven't had any pro problems at
all. But then as I would as I was
watching your videos, Chris, I started
saying like, "Oh, this is re so
refreshing. This guy is actually
critically thinking and that he's not
taking anything
any of the conventional wisdom
uh at face value. There it goes.
>> Oh, there we go again. Happy birthday.
>> Apparently apparently I'm I'm a little e
I'm kind of fancy and extra over here,
huh?
But but I appreciated that you didn't
you didn't take any of that stuff at
face value and you said I don't know if
that's true or not. Let's find out. It's
almost like Mr. Wizard or something, you
know, where you hands on and you're
like, I'm gonna find out for myself. And
that's I love that.
>> I love that spirit and that attitude
about, you know, I I don't believe any
of this. I let's let's try it. I always
say that.
>> Yeah. Lonnie, do you think do you think
this will work? Do you think I should do
this? Do you think I should do free
returns? Do you think I should do 30-day
returns? Do you think I should do this?
Give it a shot. What's the worst that
could happen,
>> right?
>> You know, if you don't like it, stop
doing it. If you like it, keep doing it.
Like, it's really that simple. You know,
>> that's the way I look.
>> I mean, everybody always used to say
like, you got to end and relist. You got
to end and relist. And I always thought,
what's the point of that? It can't help.
And I've done like tons of tests on
trying to see if that helps. And I still
don't know. Like it seems like one time
I'll end 40 items and relist them and it
does great. You know, 12 of those things
sell the next day. The next time I do
it, not a single one of them sell. So
it's I think it just always comes down
to do you have good stuff to sell? Do
you have a good price on it?
>> Is your title good? You know,
>> I'm shocked sometimes when I see
something that sold and the title has
like two words in it. It's like how did
you even get anybody to find that? So
yeah, I'm always just telling people
like the basics are the most important
things. Everything else is. You can fool
around with it if you want. You know,
it's kind of fun to send out offers
every 10 minutes or whatever, but um
doesn't necessarily mean you're going to
get any sales,
>> right?
>> And and I I will you know what I I want
to talk about you're talking about
listing every day. you you know one
thing that I will say about that is at
least that advice
won't have negative effects on someone.
You know what I mean? Like like
>> listing unlisted inventory is never
wrong. Now you may not get the results
you it may not be for the reason you
think you're doing it, but getting more
inventory up for sale is always going to
be good, I would think.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. And I
found like let's say let's say I list 10
items today, right? There's a really
good chance. Would you agree? There's a
really good chance that one of those 10
items will sell in the first couple of
days.
>> Maybe for you. I I don't really Most of
my stuff sells after like eight months,
it feels like.
>> Oh, really? I mean, I sell stuff is like
three years old every day. I'm like, how
did I even keep this? Why didn't I throw
this away two years ago? But um I I mean
I again like it's all about
>> this is all about gut feeling right now.
I have not actually looked and see like
>> how often does something sell that
quickly.
>> That's I guess that's my main message
without like actual numbers and really
looking at it. You never really know
what you're doing. It just feels
sometimes it feels better than others.
But I feel like I don't sell stuff that
quickly unless it's like something very
special.
See, I've I've always kind of felt like
if I listed, and this is just I'm just
throwing numbers at the wall. If I
listed 10 things, one thing would sell
within the first, say, week, and then
maybe
four other things would sell within the
next three months, and then four other
things would sell in the next six
months, and then there would be that one
item sitting around after a year that I
would just kind of hang on to
>> and it would it would take a long time,
you know? That that's the way I've kind
of always looked at it. I mean, I guess
I'm going on I guess like I'm heading
into my fourth year of taking this real
seriously and so early on I probably
wasn't buying the best inventory and
it's the kind of stuff that takes a year
to sell or three years to sell.
>> Um, but I don't know. I'm I'm learning
all the time. I do I do find that some
things are selling quicker now. So, I
guess I'm getting better at sourcing.
>> Yep.
I just had a I had a little bit of a I'm
not trying to argue with any people in
my comments, you know? I don't
>> right
>> I don't want to start any issues, but
somebody came on there. I did a little
like here's like five things I bought at
the thrift store today. Like this I paid
$2. I think I can sell it for 80. This
one was a dollar. I'll sell it for $100,
whatever. And somebody came on and said,
"You're lying." Like nobody ever finds
anything that good at the thrift store.
I've never found anything like that. And
I just couldn't help myself. Like I
explained, like you know, these people
that work there, they don't know
everything and half of them don't get
paid well enough to care one way or the
other anyway. So, um maybe you're just
bad at sourcing at thrift stores. I put
in in there like uh and then he just
instantly deleted that deleted that
comments.
>> Welcome to you.
>> But you don't start by calling me a
liar, you know, I'm not lying about
anything. What's my what's the benefit
of that?
Yeah, I think we Lonnie, you have a
pretty good story about uh somebody
calling you a liar.
>> Can you think of that?
>> I'm sorry, Ry. I'm sorry, Ryan. My
>> CDs. Oh. Oh, yeah.
>> This was years ago, but um I I bought
Chris, I bought um a couple of boxes of
CDs at a at a yard sale for $10. And
actually, yeah, there's more to this
story. Um, and I I put them I put them
in the the little lean the I had another
shed that I was working in at the time.
Set them down. I didn't get to them for
a couple of weeks and there was Have you
ever heard of the declutter app before?
>> Does it still exist?
>> No, they went out of business. They shut
down like a year or two ago.
>> Yeah, I never used it, but I heard of
it. But you you you would take the app
and you would you'd scan the CD and then
it would tell you how much they would
pay you for it and usually it was like
either 10 15 a good one might be 25 to
40 cents you know for these CDs
>> and you know a lot of times they'd be
like we aren't taking this title at this
time you know that kind of thing
>> and I was just making a video kind of
showing the process of how that worked
and then some people would even now this
is smart some people would use it as a
very fast way to quickly call out the
winners from the losers. Cuz like
>> Yeah.
>> If if if they said they would pay you a
dollar for a CD, that might be a good
one to set aside and look up on eBay
later because it might be selling for
$20 on eBay, right? Whatever.
>> Right.
>> So anyway, I was just like going through
these CDs and look y'all, you just beep
beep. Oh, look, a quarter for that one.
You know, whatever. and I'm going
through them and then I I turn my camera
off and then I open up an Allison Krauss
CD who I don't I don't even know what
she sings but I remember her name. I
open up the CD and there's a little
there's a little wad of $20 bills
folded up very neatly, very tightly in
the CD case. So I get my camera,
>> turn the camera back on and I'm like
look y'all. I swear I y'all aren't going
to believe it. I swear I just found
this. It was sitting and I have these
and I'm like flop these $20 bills. It
was $200 freaking dollars. 10 $20 bills,
which I wouldn't even
>> I wouldn't even think 10 $20
bills would fit.
>> But it did. I promise. I swear I'm not
lying y'all.
>> And
that that video took off. I think it
still it still gets views. And dude, I
got called a liar like a thousand times
in there. This dude set it up and I I
can't blame these people because
honestly
like there's a cut and then next thing
you know there's all this cash
everywhere and I can't blame him but it
still hurt my feelings and I was fairly
I was still fairly new at that time. Uh,
but man, there's not too many weeks that
don't go by still. And this is like
eight years ago. Somebody's in there
calling me a liar in there still. But
that that makes me think of a question
like how how often are you looking at
comments? It seems like, you know, the
advice to a new person is to be
commenting and replying and asking
questions and whatever, but um, seems
like at some point it's just more work
than you could possibly do. M
>> the the comments. I want to hear Ryan's
answer to this. Ryan's much better and
much more well adjusted than I am, but u
I I love reading the comments on this
podcast.
Um the comments on the comments on my
packing videos. And the thing here's the
thing, man.
Here's the thing is that I know that 99
point something% of people aren't even
commenting. They're just enjoying the
video and they're watching it
>> and the and the pe there's a lot of
people that that have positive things to
say
>> and that's nice. And then there's a
there's a a few people that just they
pick out some negative thing like I
don't like the way you said that to
Candace or you you disagree with I I got
in trouble like there was a comment
where I uh there was a thing where I
disagree with Candace about something on
camera. God forbid. And um
I I caught hell for that. And not only
did that person not only did there were
like four people that complained about
it. I'll tell y'all what the situation
was here in a minute.
>> There were about four people that
complained about it. Not only that,
there were I looked at the little like
thing. There were like 14 likes on one
of them. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, this is
a this is a pro this is a consensus.
This is a problem." And what what had
happened was
um somebody somebody messaged us about a
mask, a Halloween mask at 10:05 and we
were in here filming packing at the
time.
>> Mhm.
>> And
10:05 they said, "Hey, would you would
you take and it was like $4 less than
our asking price for this mask." They
wanted to pay 55 something instead of
59, right?
And they messaged again about 10 minutes
later. I guess not. They said
because we didn't reply and Candace like
and we're in between cuts like while
we're filming and Candace like huh? She
was mad because the guy obviously that's
unreasonable for to expect someone bless
you to expect someone to you know reply
to an eBay message within 10 minutes.
that's ludicrous and to get all, you
know, about it. And Candace got mad
because of their impatience,
>> right?
>> And I I was like, "Okay, let me play
devil's advocate here because I get
overly emotional as well typically,
right, about a lot of things and eBay
messages especially, you know, and I'm
like, you know what?" And we're filming
video and I'm like, "You know what? I'm
gonna be I'm gonna turn the other cheek
because I've been doing that a lot
lately. And I said and I and and on
camera while we're filming, I'm like,
you know what, Candace, I know I know
you're upset about that and you know,
whatever. And yeah, that's ridiculous,
but you know what? I think I think we
should reply to them now. She wanted to
make him wait. She's like, I'm I'll
reply to him, but I'm not going to do it
for eight hours or something like that.
And and I said, you know what? I want to
make this sale. I'm going to re and then
I said and then I said I'm gonna cut the
camera. I'm going to reply right now.
And people got so mad. You should have
backed Candace up. That's ridiculous,
etc. Oh, where where's the teamwork?
>> You know, and yeah. So, yeah, if you
can't tell, Chris, you you you asked
about comments and I went on like a
10-minute
rambling tirade about some comments.
Yeah, it's still a pro it's a big
problem for me still. I gota
>> I saw that I saw that video and I was
thinking he really wants that sale. He
really really wants that sale. I could
see you kind of tiptoeing around like do
I what do I say? How do I say this? I
think we need to call this we need to
message this guy right now.
>> Was that do you did you think I was ugly
or anything or like be honest like did
you think
>> No, absolutely not. I mean I'm not going
to criticize either one of you but I
could see like I mean I know how it is.
you get these messages and sometimes
you're just like, I I don't care. I just
do not want to sell this to you.
>> I don't like the way you said it, you
know.
>> So, the other night I have I have a CD
for sale, $10 and somebody sent me an
offer for $750
>> and I I don't know. I just not feeling
it, you know? I just said no. Uh, ignore
that, you know, cancel that. I'm not
taking that offer. And then five minutes
later, 7 775
or whatever. I'm like, "No." He said,
"No, $8." Said, "No, man. No." I'm just
like, I just keep rejecting these
offers. And then he finally writes back
and he says, "Do you even know how to
negotiate?" And I was like, "If you can
afford $8, you can afford $10. I'm not
selling it to you. That's it.
>> Sometimes you just got to draw the line,
huh?" Right.
>> And I I feel like offers like I have
like all offers on everything right now.
This is like a leftover from another
experiment from the past where I just
turned on all offers that had no
minimums. And I get so many that are
just like a dollar, you know, I'll give
you a dollar. I'm selling something for
$25. Like I'm not even going to respond.
You know, we're not going to get
anywhere with this.
>> But um I feel like these offers have
really like picked up this year and I'm
not sure what's what's going on. It
seems like like last year I would guess
maybe 25% of my sales were from offers
from buyer initiated offers and now I
think it's probably the other way
around. I think it's 75%.
It's just like really inundated with
these offers now. Um but have you have
you felt that or you don't have offers
on that much?
>> I have offers on uh a lot of stuff.
Ryan, you do offers on Do you do offers
on pretty much everything? Yeah, but I I
haven't I you know, obviously I'm not
reselling as much as I used to, but I
still do have listings. I haven't
received a whole lot of offers lately, I
don't think. But yeah, I put offers on
everything.
>> Yeah. and and and and what we do what
Candace and I do a lot of times with
those kind of situations like I get
Candace like if I if we get a message or
if I've like Candace bails me out if
there's a situation I'm uncomfortable
with or feel passionate about or
emotional about I'll say Candace would
would you please handle this one? I
don't feel I don't feel like I should be
talking to them about this
>> because because she's dispassionate
about whatever that situation is. Yeah.
>> You know,
>> and then vice versa. Like I was like,
"Okay." And I was thinking in my little
head, I was thinking, "Okay, Candace is
passionate about this
>> this guy.
>> I don't care.
>> So, why don't I take it take over and
let's see if we can make a sale."
>> Yeah.
>> And u Yeah. I ended up I guess I don't
know. Oh, I mean with the response we
got on that video and all the, you know,
all the comments and then the likes on
those comments, I it made it did make me
take pause and think, did I do something
wrong there? Was I out of line? Am I not
being supportive or whatever? And that's
the thing. And and it is possible that's
true. But also, it's possible
these are people that are just like Keem
Candace and don't really like me to
begin with
>> and are going to pick apart whatever I
do. And now I'm I'm psychoanalyzing
myself about nothing and I'm in my own
head when I'm doing fine and maybe I
should just not be in the comments and I
should be working instead. You know what
I mean? Like it can get kind of crazy in
there. Well, I mean, if you post that
story in the water cooler or on Reddit
or something, the most of the advice is
going to be it's just business. Don't
let yourself get worked up about it. You
know, these people are they could be
jerks, but that doesn't mean you have to
um take take it in. You know, just make
the sale and move on. That's probably
what the advice would be in that
situation, I think.
>> Right.
>> But we're all only human and sometimes
people are just
>> pushing they just push the wrong button
at the wrong time. And I had almost the
exact same story last night. I was
buying some stuff off Facebook
Marketplace and the guy told me he would
be home at 5:30. And so I'm like, "Oh,
well, I know where he lives. I'm going
to stop at the grocery store." So I'm in
there at 5:15. He's texting me saying,
"I'm home now." And I'm still in the
store checking out or whatever. I'm not
responding to that message. And by the
time I got to my the car, he's saying,
"Well, I guess you don't want it. I
guess you don't want it. I'm never going
to you're never going to answer me." I
was like, "It's literally been 2 minutes
and I'm 5 minutes from your house, so
just calm down."
>> And it wasn't even about you. He
probably got burned on a previous
transaction like we all have
>> and it wasn't about you at all.
>> I mean I mean you're talking to a Rev
the other day about um people who tell
you how to pack and u
>> man that does burn. I hate that so much.
But then you just think that guy has had
a bad story. somebody sent him. I've I
mean I've gotten to plenty of packages
that are are shipped poorly, you know,
so I understand, but still doesn't
it doesn't make you not be upset about
it, you know. I I I'll tell you back to
the the uh the comments and I'm sure
Ryan has some more comments too, but the
thing I try and remind myself because I
did ultimately I pinned one of the
comments that talked about teamwork and
I replied to it saying actually I think
this is what teamwork is all about. Me
taking the ball for a little while and
running with it and then she'll do the
same for me or whatever. It probably
fell on deaf ears, whatever. But one
thing to remember, this applies to
YouTube comments. It applies to um and
it applies to like if you get a negative
feedback on eBay or something and then
you reply to that,
>> you got to remember you're replying to
them sort of, but really what you're
doing is you're putting up a piece of
content that everyone else is going to
be be looking at. And that's the
important thing to remember when it
comes to that.
>> Yeah, that's good advice. If you're if
you're replying to a comment, you got to
think about it as an advertisement to
future potential buyers. Has nothing to
do with the person who left the
feedback. It's for everybody in the
future,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> That because people like that's when you
really show um a lot of people expose
themselves in those situations because
like when they're emotional or
distraught or whatever, that's when
they're going to be the nastiest.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Then it makes me think, do I want to buy
from that guy? He's going to yell at me,
>> right? If something goes wrong, what
happens then? His conflict resolution is
a little sketchy, you know,
>> for me with YouTube comments. Um it they
they used to get to me more like when I
when I was doing Thrift Mine. Um because
you know, basically any nasty thing you
can think of, I was called over the
years. Um, but
and I even made a video. I made a video
once for fine at one point. I think I
titled it like
I forget what exactly what the title
was, but a message to everybody that
hates me or something like that. And it
was more of like a comedic thing, but it
actually felt good. Like I felt like I
was trying to get back at them, but like
with a comedic twist. But anyway, uh, I
wouldn't make that video today. Um, I my
my viewpoint kind of changed over the
years and especially more recently and
with the content that I'm doing now,
it's a lot more positive. I don't really
receive a whole lot of negative
comments. I try to I try to respond to
as many comments as I can and I do
really love comments, but um the the one
thing that I try to remember too, and
this is this is something to remember,
and we actually kind of touched on it a
little bit earlier, the the sample size
of of the comments and the people that
are in the comments. Yeah, they're
they're a reflection of your audience,
but especially with the negative ones,
they are a very very small percentage of
the people who are watching you and and
the and most of the people that are
watching you, you'll never hear from.
And they have a and they wouldn't be
watching you if they didn't like you.
You know, they have a positive a
positive outlook on you. So, like if you
if you get this would be my advice, if
you get a negative comment, yeah, it
might get to you, but look at that
comment and then look at the views.
And look at the ratio. One negative
comment versus a video that got 10,000
views, right? It's just one guy. It
doesn't really mean a whole lot.
>> We We have one, as a matter of fact,
Ryan, what about that commenter we have
on this podcast? As a matter of fact, um
they keep every video they keep asking,
they're like, "I've watched I watched
this this podcast." And they they've
said it a couple times. I've watched
this podcast and like what is this all
about? What is it you guys are doing?
They're like, "What is this? What is the
point of this podcast?"
>> I've watched every episode,
>> right? And Ryan's like Ryan's like, "Uh,
keep watching and you'll find out
something like that."
>> It's hard to know if those commenters
are talking to you or to other
commenters. Sometimes people will just
they'll just say like I'll say, "Here's
how you here's how you do bulk editing."
you know, I just do it did a like a
short seller school video like it's
simple. Here's how you do it. And then
the comment is like
>> here's how you do bulk editing and they
just lay it all out exactly what I just
said. I was like what who is this for?
Did I mean did you not watch the video
or I just don't understand what you just
felt like you had to say exactly the
same thing I said. I don't I don't get
it.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what's even worse though? I
just thought of this. You know what's
worse than the ones that are really
critical or mean?
Because you you see where they're coming
from, right? And like actually I think
maybe the ones that g that always gas
you up no matter what you do.
>> Those are the really dangerous ones
because like you could be like on going
totally down the wrong path
>> and they're telling you how great you
are.
>> Yeah.
>> That's really dangerous. You know,
>> my first thought on that is always like,
"What do you know?" You know, like
somebody says, even at my at my day job,
you know, somebody will say, "You did a
great job. You know, this looks great."
And I'll be like, "You wouldn't know the
difference." You know,
so I guess I don't take criticisms or
compliments very well. A lot of times
though, um, like whenever we some of
these podcasts, as a matter of fact, u,
I've been so like had so much anxiety
about the comments
>> that I don't even I won't even look at
them. I I won't even watch the video
back and I'll just I'll message Ryan
because we message all day all day every
day and I'm like, "Hey, Ryan, uh, how
are the comments looking so
>> it's safe, Lonnie? It's safe to go look.
>> Safe to look." and he knows he knows how
anxious I get and he goes, "Oh, it's
fine, dude. They love it." And I'm like,
"Okay." And then I'll go in and I'll
read it, you know? But
I I even feel that way about my own
videos often. Like I've gone months at a
time sometimes without even looking at
my comments on uh and and I feel
terrible. I feel guilty about it. Um and
I'm glad you asked that because I mean I
If you haven't been a content creator or
haven't dealt with that kind of thing,
it's really hard to understand because
it's real easy to say, uh, f the trolls,
f the haters, whatever. Like, that's so
easy to say.
>> But man, I've had real anxiety, um,
>> about about comments. And sometimes I
just pretend like they don't even exist
>> because I don't want them to poison my
head. Good or bad. I don't want them to
poison my head. And then I'll I'll go
back in and I'll and I I I feel immense
>> I I I feel immense guilt because I truly
appreciate people that watch us.
>> Yep.
>> But and I feel so guilty because some so
many of these nice people are commenting
and I and I just can't even look
sometimes at the comments.
>> That's kind of what I'm hoping for
sometime when like right now I'm not
overloaded with comments. So, I could
look at every single one and and respond
to everyone if I want to, but I'm
worried. I'm not worried. I'm kind of
hoping that this will happen. Like, can
I just get it to the point where I don't
have to look at these uh because I mean,
they're all nice people. Like, 99.9% of
these people who are commenting are
very, very supportive
>> and say nice things and make me feel
good about myself, but it just takes a
one to one guy.
>> There was one guy at the beginning who
like every every video I posted, he
would start by saying, "You're doing
this all wrong." and then go on to tell
me like step by step. You pack that
thing this way. You put this thing in
that kind of box.
>> And at some point, I just like, all
right, I am hiding from now on. Anybody
who if I even feel a twinge of
self-doubt based on your comment, I'm
hiding you from my channel. I don't want
to see your comments ever again.
>> Way to handle it. That is one that's a
valid way to handle it. And I'm always
hoping that they're just, you know, the
way I understand it works, like they
don't know that they're hidden and they
might just be commenting every day and I
don't they don't know that I'll never
see that.
>> That that is one strategy, but you know,
I I hate like I've I've gone through
periods where I've done that, too. Hide,
hide, hide, hide. But then I I feel like
such a I feel so lame doing that, man.
because it's like,
>> you know, I it just makes me feel like a
big old P word. I'm not going to say the
word. And and another thing to think
about is, okay, our videos that we're
publishing are content, right?
>> You know what else is content? The
comment section is content.
>> And the you know what the best con you
know what the most interesting content
in the comment section is? the people
that are critical
>> arguments,
>> you know,
>> and a lot of times people that you know
are big fans of you will actually go in
there and and defend you too. Yeah. So
that could be that's another way to look
at it. It can be fun to watch.
>> And some sometimes the criticisms are
valid and those are the worst ones. Like
I can't tell you like if if I post if I
thought like, oh, I should have changed
this or that and I didn't and then
somebody mentions it like ah I might as
well just throw myself off a cliff, you
know? I'm so upset. I should have
changed that thing. I knew it was wrong
and I left it there anyway and somebody
noticed it.
>> I've man I've had comments before and
where like I read the comment that's and
I've had comments man that will eat away
at me for the I like certain comments if
I read them in the morning they'll eat
at me all day. It'll it'll like
>> it'll ruin my it'll ruin the vibe for me
for the whole freaking day. You know,
like I I've got a real unhealthy
relationship with comments. I'll be
honest.
>> It's hard.
>> So then Ry Ryan, I know you had some
experience that were less than positive.
I think that I mean from a previous
episode you were talking about people
showing up at your house and you know
scaring you off and that's that's scary
to think about. That's I mean that's why
I kind of didn't want to put my face on
camera.
>> So
yeah, I had a couple different instances
of people showing up at my house. None
of them were negative per se, but they
were uncomfortable on my end because
the thing is like these people know me.
They know my family. They know everybody
that I show in the videos, my wife, my
kid, and they know everything about us.
And to us, they are a total stranger.
>> And they're at my house and they know
everything about me,
>> you know. And I get it. the the two time
I think it happened twice. The two times
that it happened, it was friendly. Like
there was nothing. I didn't I didn't
even say anything to them, but it was
uncomfortable and I I didn't like it at
all. And uh I would say
put as little personal information
of yourself as possible on the internet.
That would be my advice.
>> And it won't matter. Somebody wants to
find you, they will.
>> True. True. But just don't make it
easier. Just don't make it easier for
them to um
>> that
>> I think there was
>> Did you have hurricanes coming through
there, Lonnie?
>> I think there was one time we were
showing a weather map and saying, "Look,
it's going right over our house." And I
was thinking, "Don't show them where
your house is."
>> I I think that I think that ship has
sailed for me over a decade of being uh
being too loose with things. Like I
think that's done.
But um I you know I I do want to say
though that we have actually made uh we
have a lot of what I would consider like
reseller friends because like when we go
to garage sales and estate I mean man
there was an estate sale last year we
went to there were three other people at
that estate sale. Every single one of
them watched our channel
>> and we knew them and they knew our name
we knew their name. We see them like
there's a lot of like Yeah. It's almost
like we're on a sitcom sometimes when we
go sourcing around here where we have
recurring characters come in, you know,
oh, there's Mike, there's Bev, there's
Tom, there, you know, like that part is
is like super cool cuz like we like when
we go out to garage sales, like our
channel is small from a YouTube
perspective, but from a YouTube reseller
uh and Baton Rouge perspective, we're
we're not like like we're we're fairly
well known whenever we whenever we go to
garage sales. There's a very good chance
we're going to we're going to see, you
know, somebody we're going to be
recognized from from YouTube or what.
Have you ever experienced uh have you
been recognized in public yet?
>> No. No, absolutely not. I mean, I I live
here in Chicago. There's tons of people
here. There it's I don't know that I
would ever I I mean, I guess I go to
those stores and I do see the same
people there
>> very soon.
>> There are some people I know like that
guy's definitely a reseller and I
sometimes I think like should we be
should I try to make friends? Should we
have some kind of a confab or something?
Like one one day I was like me and this
other lady were kind of going after the
same kind of inventory and we just
thought like okay let's just split this
up. You know you you can have this, I'll
have this.
>> And then I see her every once in a
while. We just nod or you know whatever.
>> But I just think like should we should I
set up a meetup a meetup of some kind?
We could all hang out and talk about our
experience. But I'm not I don't think
I'm the kind of person to organize that.
>> Yeah. I'm not either.
>> Well, for you, Ryan, I mean, now you're
doing these food reviews and talking
about restaurant locations, and I assume
you live in a pretty small town that
people could probably uh find that
pretty quickly.
>> Yeah. Um,
nobody's come to my house from that
content yet, but um I I am starting to
get I am starting to get recognized uh
in public, which is kind of actually
somebody uh I sent it to Lonnie
yesterday. I was at the grocery store.
And this is this is the other thing.
When you're out in public, you don't
know who knows you and isn't saying
anything
>> because just it was yesterday or the day
before. I was at the grocery store, did
my own did my thing, yada yada. Later
that day, I posted a a food review video
and somebody commented on it. I think it
was on Facebook. Somebody commented,
"Hey, were you in this uh grocery store
today? I think I saw you." And I was
like, "Yeah, I was." You know,
>> that's weird.
>> So, it's like, yeah, it is. It's
different because it's like, okay, well,
somebody was watching me while I was at
the store that recognized me and I had
no idea who they were, you know, just so
it Yeah, it is pretty crazy. It's it's a
it's an adjustment. It is an adjustment.
Um,
>> you you feel like you're under a
microscope, don't you?
>> Yeah. Yep.
>> So, I guess them showing up your house
wasn't enough to totally just abandon
public internet. Oh, because yeah, it
was only a couple times and they weren't
negative reactions, but um the reason
why I kind of stopped doing thrift mine,
I think I talked about this in another
episode as well, but was because of
negative reactions like out at yard
sales.
>> Um that's why I stopped doing that. But
um
>> yeah,
>> I had so many people asking me, can you
do some uh sourcing videos? And so I
strap that camera on and I go out to the
Goodwill or whatever. And like the first
time I was like shaking in my boots. I
was so afraid somebody's going to yell
at me or something. But
>> I've done it maybe 10 or 12 times now
and it seems like smooth sailing. But
>> I'm not sure if it's worth it to do it
though. They don't get that many views
really.
>> You wear videos would be popular. Yeah.
>> You wear it? Oh my gosh.
>> I do. Yeah. And right now it's winter
time so I could have my coat kind of
zipped up but I don't know what I'll do
in the summer.
I yeah that's another thing that I had a
lot of anxiet because like I did um
actually
old friend of ours Justin he was one of
the first ones in the space to start
wearing um a GoPro to garage sales
and Ryan Ryan and I
>> we we we took that idea from him and we
ran with it. I was like very successful
with it. Ryan was even more successful.
And
man, I had more anxiet. Maybe I'm an
anxious person. I guess I am. Um, but
man, I would have so much anxiety
wearing that camera. And even after
doing it for months and months and
month, a bunch of times,
>> every time I'd get out of the car and
I'd start walking up to that garage
sale, I'd be like, "Are they looking at
me? Do they think it's weird? Do they
are they looking at the camera? Do they
see it? Do they care?
>> What is their demeanor? Are they usually
like that or is it because I'm wearing
the camera? Oh, act normal. Act normal.
You know, like those are the thoughts I
had going through my head. And it was
just like,
>> yep.
>> When I stop doing that and I'm not like
it's different in the thrift store, I
feel like,
>> but going up to somebody's house, you're
kind it's like very personal, you know?
>> I had the same exact feeling when I was
doing it.
>> I don't want to get banned from those
stores, you know? That's my bread and
butter there. So, I I got to be careful.
But, uh I don't know. I I'll keep doing
them just because I don't know what else
to do.
>> I'm not saying you shouldn't. I'm just
I'm just saying my my personal because I
get asked all Excuse me. It was hard to
quit because like I made a lot I made a
lot of money by doing that. Like a lot.
um one video,
one video that I made, it was uh do this
at garage sales and it was it was one of
my better days. Like I was on like I was
like
>> it's all about the interactions and
stuff, you know, and the negotiations
and like, you know, good items were out
there that day, interesting stuff. And
that thing got over a million views.
>> And dude, I made I made over $8,000 on
one video. Hm.
>> And I was like, "No, it was awesome."
>> You know, that that's very rare, but
even the ones that didn't do that well,
they still made a ton of money. So, that
was that was hard to stop doing that,
but that's how that's how anxious it
made me to do that.
>> Yeah. That that first video. So, I
usually uh record voice over after the
fact, which I think maybe is not as
people don't like that format maybe, but
um that first video, the whole video,
the whole voice over on just saying
like, "Oh, I thought that guy was going
to look at me. Oh no, I thought this guy
was going to look at me. I was so
scared."
>> Yeah. No, I I think there's space for
like voice over content. I don't think
there's anything wrong with that.
>> Yeah. I usually like crank the speed up
like 800% and then try to get it done
because like like I was talking about
earlier, I'm trying to make these videos
like I'm doing this work anyway. Now I
got to film this thing twice. I got to
film it in the store and then I got to
do a voice over later. It just takes
extra time.
>> So, but people keep, you know, somebody
will comment on them and say, "I'm glad
you did this." And it makes me think,
"Oh, yeah. I guess I got to keep doing
it."
Um, we'll see what happens in the summer
because I don't want to be walking
around with a camera strapped to my
chest at garage sales with everybody in
the world looking at it. If I can hide
it under my coat a little bit, it's a
little bit better.
>> So, is that is that your favorite way to
what is your favorite way to source? Is
it garage sales or or thrift stores?
>> I mean, obviously garage sales, you're
going to get the better prices, you
know, but
>> here
I I don't know. Like here where I live,
people just don't know how to do it. You
know, you go to you see a
like where I grew up, they put a sign on
the corner with an arrow and you go to
that arrow and you turn and you go to
their house. That's it. Here, everybody
puts these signs up like in the busy
intersections.
>> So, it's it might be three, four, 10
blocks away and you're driving around
for hours trying to find this one sale.
You get there and they decided not to
even open up that day anyway. So, it's
uh it's hard it's very hard to do sales
here. I usually look on Craigslist. I
find like five sales I want to go to and
then I'm just hoping to find some more
sales along the way. But you never know
what you're going to find. You know, if
I go to the thrift store,
>> I don't know that I've ever gone to
Goodwill and walked out of there without
finding something worth selling.
>> But that's happened a lot garage sale
days. I might be out for six, seven
hours and I don't buy one single thing.
>> But thrift stores are
>> I know where that thrift store is.
I I mean, I look at everything, you
know, I sit there for two hours scanning
everything and and trying to find one
thing that's worth even it's only
worth$10 or $20, you know, I'll I'll
grab it. So, u
>> but obviously you buy stuff at a garage
sale for a quarter
>> as opposed to the thrift store, they're
the cheapest stuff there is going to be
$2, three dollars. So, it's a big
difference. I don't I don't know if you
saw a short I put out um from last
weekend, but I'm at a the first our
first garage sale of the year actually.
And we we saw a sign and we're like,
"Oh, let's stop in." We weren't even
planning on going to it. And they have
all this vinyl. And I said, "How much
for the records?"
Five uh five nickel a piece. Five cents
a piece.
>> Oh my god. Yeah.
>> Wow. I guess I'm buying records today. I
bought all I bought like I'm looking at
them now. They're down this aisle here.
>> I'm not scared of records.
>> What? You're scared of like what the
grading condition of them?
>> Yeah. I mean, it's like so many
questions. Does this one play? Like I
don't have a record player. I don't
know. You know, it looks good to me. I
can't tell you for sure. It's only $10.
Just buy it.
>> You can find out for yourself.
>> So, yeah. And I And I don't want to
stock uh vinyl mailers either. And then
people really yell at me if I pack them
up between two sheets of cardboard or
whatever.
>> Yeah, I I I feel the same way. But then
I I I had usually condition is kind of
an issue and then nine times out of 10
when you find records, they're not
really worth the kind that are like
resellable anyways,
>> but
>> maybe 99 out of 100.
>> True. I mean, it's going to be like
gospel and country and big band and, you
know, all that kind of stuff. But every
now and then
>> it's usually like it's usually something
that's just on the verge of being
something cool. Like somebody has some
big band stuff like they might have a
cool jazz record in there but they
almost never do.
But I I' I've had it I've had it happen
enough times now to where I'm I'm trying
to open my mind up and uh I've got here
is my strategy that I'm going to go with
whenever because I've got a couple
hundred records again and I'm going to
do I'm going to batch this out. I'm
gonna take the photos and then I'm
always concerned that I'm not because
I'm not an expert on on vinyl. You know,
I can look and see if something has a
scratch or whatever, but I'm always
worried I'm not going to describe it
well enough. So, what I'm going to do,
I'm going to start utilizing that little
video clip more. And I have a little I
have a little thing for my phone that I
hang around my neck. And the phone sits
right here. And then I have my hands
free. I'm going to take each one of
those records. I'm gonna spin it around
in the jacket, show them every corner,
and then I'm gonna take the vinyl out
and I'm gonna like do it like that in
the light to where they can really see
the grooves and yeah,
>> you know, if there are scuffs, they can
see it.
>> And because I, you know, we have you can
put like a minute up to a minute long
video in every listing. It'll take me 30
seconds or so to film and then I airdrop
it to the computer and then click and
it's in the listing. So, it's not a big
deal. So, that's going to be my strategy
on these.
>> Nice.
>> That's my uh biggest problem with the
eBay app right now is like, why can't I
post a video with this thing? Like, I
take all my pictures with it and load
them right up into there. Why can't I
take a video? It's I would put a video
on every single listing if it if it was
just 10% easier. But for me, I'm just
going on my phone, going to a browser,
and then going to the eBay web page
>> and uploading it. And
>> I don't have I don't have like a good
way to transfer from a video from my
phone wirelessly, you know? I don't know
how to do that.
>> So, I if I was going to do that, I have
to put it on Google Drive or something
and then download it. It's just too much
work
>> for something that's probably not going
to help me get a sale anyway.
>> But I do
I do post those um
those videos, you know, on eBay. You can
do that social sharing and it can post
your little videos directly to YouTube
or to
Twitter. No, Instagram, Facebook, and
Tik Tok.
>> What are you talking about? I don't I
don't know what you're talking about.
>> There's a social sharing option on eBay.
>> Really?
>> You can share your new listings directly
automatically
and you can also share videos, the video
that you have in your um in your
listing.
>> Well, let me look. I'm looking at
>> let's see it should be under marketing
I think
>> on the phone. Is it on the phone?
>> On the on the desktop
>> on desktop
>> browser. Yeah.
>> So you know you go to your regular
seller hub and then under marketing
there's a thing that says social and you
can post
post directly to all social media
platforms.
>> Oh. Oh I don't want to do that.
>> So I do these videos like they're just
little demos like here's a bop it. you
know, I just want to show that it works.
And those things are like the my biggest
views on YouTube and it's absolutely
nothing. It's just turn a puppet on,
turn the puppet off, and then it's got
20,000 views on it or whatever.
>> What? That's wild. Is are you doing that
on on this channel?
>> Yeah. Yes. And it's just like I mean
it's not really related to the other
kind of content that I that I post. It's
just let's see if somebody will see this
video and then come and buy this thing.
Um, okay.
>> Yeah, you can you can post directly to
Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and
YouTube from there
>> and Pinterest if you do that from eBay.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, I see. They're under your shorts.
Okay. I Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Look at that.
>> So, those Bits like What does one have
like
>> 55,000?
>> 55,000 views.
>> Oh, look. You got Man, you're you're the
Bopit guy. Look, you he's got three.
>> Three. I sold three of them. I just
shipped one yesterday. Wait, let me uh
I'm gonna share screen again, Ryan.
>> Yep.
>> And we'll uh we'll show what we're
talking about here for the people. Here
we go.
>> Yeah. So, this is this is uh the the
shorts feed ordered from uh most popular
here. And Bopit
>> Boppit is doing very well for you.
>> 55,000 18,000
Pull it. Stop it. Pull it. Twist it.
>> So, 10 seconds, 50,000.
>> Wow.
>> Is that getting like any subscribers and
things like that?
>> I can't imagine it is. I I would be very
surprised if it is.
>> I'm gonna I'm going to show y'all
something. We're going to I'm going to
open the kimono up real quick
>> because I Yeah, I've got Okay, this is
another one of my channels. This is like
my oldest channel that I was uploading
just like random stuff to over the
years. And it doesn't make a ton of
money.
Let me see. I'm not even sure what how
to how to go to this. Y'all y'all can
see like um
40 Wait, hang on. Let me go back here.
It's made $63 in the past 30 days. It's
been monetized forever. Um, but I still
get and I used to put demo videos on
this channel a lot.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And
Okay, let's look at this thing right
here. For instance, this Cricut thing.
We sold that. I believe that's an older
model. I think we sold that thing for
like $25. It totally wasn't worth it.
This is how much we've made on that
video. that that was a demo video that I
shot to try and help sell that thing
and it's made like 15 times what the
stupid thing sold for
>> I know I've got so many examples of
this. Here's another one. A Sony Handy
Cam. Uh that's kind of a newer one. Let
me see.
Well, we we'll go ahead and look at it.
This is from July of last year. I don't
know. I don't know if this one's done
well or not. It's doing okay.
>> 15 bucks.
>> Made $15. So, what I used to do is I
would put those into the uh Let me turn
this thing off
>> into the listing.
>> I would Yeah. I would put the link to
those in the into the listing and I
would film like, you know, it'd be like
three three to five minutes. And I did
that with like pretty much all the
electronics. I've got a lot. I've got so
many things that I've made like over
$100 on on YouTube and they made way
more money than than I made on on eBay
>> than the actual on the actual item. It's
crazy,
>> right?
>> When I started when I started on
YouTube, I really didn't ever even think
about monetization. I was, like I said
earlier, I was just trying to sell more
stuff,
>> hoping to sell more stuff. But um
there's a there's a few other people who
started around the same time as me on
YouTube and I just keep an eye on how
they're doing. And one guy did his like
here's my first month of monetization
breakdown. And he was talking about I
made 67 cents my first day. I made 23
cents the second day. And I was
expecting that kind of thing, you know.
I was when it finally monetization hit,
I was like, "Okay, well, let's get our
quarter, you know." And then the first
day, this is this is when my wife got
really excited. She was like, "$8? You
made $8 in one day?" I was like, "Yeah,
I guess I did." So,
>> I feel like I guess I'm doing pretty
good. That other guy seems to be doing
better than me, but he's barely making
any money. So, um I don't know. I' I've
been kind of thinking,
is is it possible by the end of the year
I'm making more money on YouTube than on
eBay, which I think that is possible.
Um, and I reveal all of my I probably
shouldn't, but I tell everybody every
cent I make like this thing. I I
subtract the shipping. I do everything
and say, "Here's the exact profit at the
end of the year. This is exactly how
much money I made this year profit." You
know, I'm not
>> I don't like it when people say like,
"Here's my gross." Like, I don't care
what your gross is. I don't know what
your cost of goods,
>> you know, what are your expenses?
>> So, I I just reveal everything. So, I
made one video about YouTube. two months
in, this is exactly how much money I
made. And I don't know if people want to
see that stuff, but I would want to see
that. Like I
>> So So how much was it?
>> Uh the first two months was something
like right now it's been basically three
months. November and and I'm at like
um 1,000
just over $1,000.
>> Um maybe,60 or something like that. And
it seems like each month is just a
little bit more than the month before.
So I'm I'm just keeping that in mind
like this could just keep growing and
growing. And I I know that the
temptation is there to just say, "Well,
I'm a YouTuber now. Let that eBay stuff
go, but my heart is with the eBay stuff
more than the YouTube stuff."
>> Well, you got to think too is like like
if if you stop doing eBay, what what are
you going to talk about,
>> right?
>> Your channel is based on that. like all
around that. So you Yeah,
>> I know some people have kind of moved
on. You know, they're doing only only
whatnot shows or whatever and and the
eBay makes I mean the YouTube makes them
their real money, but I don't know. I'm
just going to keep the fun part is going
out hunting for treasures and stuff. So,
>> right,
>> I'm gonna keep doing that.
>> It's for for for us. I I think I had the
same conversation with I don't know,
Ryan. Did I have this conversation with
Kevin or with Rev? I don't remember.
Maybe
>> I don't know.
>> I don't remember either.
>> But um for us uh the reselling has
always been the main thing. Obviously
the YouTube um YouTube thing is is a
huge part of our income as well, but
it's still not as much as the reselling.
And one thing that um I do regret
because I've always felt like um
I've always felt like I've left a lot on
the table as far as that goes. Like as
far as monetizing every single thing
>> and I'm really bad. I feel I almost feel
guilty when I ask people for things or
I'm like, you know, would y'all buy this
to help me out?
>> Oh yeah. we I like I'm I'm not even
comfortable asking for subscribers and
you know there's a there's a difference
between um
there's there's a point at which this is
part of what we do for a living and I
need to recognize that and I need to
monetize it harder but then I I never
want to steer I never want to like ask
people for anything because I'm just so
grateful that they're just watching.
>> You know that's the way I feel.
>> Yeah. I'm I'm struggling a little bit
right now cuz right when um like the day
I hit a thousand subscribers, I got an
email from a printer company and they
wanted me to
>> just do an unboxing and we'll give you a
free printer
>> and we give you a discount code to
share.
>> And I opened that thing on camera and I
did not like it.
>> I was I just left I left that video up.
>> I was like I I was criticizing it and
like they never said anything to me
about it, but that thing weighed like
two ounces. like you could not even tear
the you couldn't even tear the label
off. It just lift the whole printer up.
And it also had um some kind of app that
they wanted to know your location and
you wanted to make an account and give
them your email address.
>> I don't want to do any of this stuff.
So, in a video I said if you want a
cheap printer that you're going to use
with a USB cable, then this is fine.
>> But I left that code up in my
description. You know, if somebody wants
to buy it, they can get 12% off. Um,
>> I I've always been resistant.
>> I've always been resistant to that exact
thing. And we have this Jaden's printer.
>> Yeah.
>> That they I don't know why they sent me
a pink one, but they did. And they sent
me that for free. And we reviewed it.
Like I reviewed the unboxing setup. And
like I like I'm not lying. We had a do
um was it was it 3 350 XL or something?
I can't
>> 4XL.
>> 4X. Oh yeah, do 4XL. That's it. And I
like that little that stupid little
Jaden's printer better than that because
I like I like how easy it is to load the
labels and like it's been rock solid for
a year. But let me tell you what these
what these people did.
>> These Jaden's people, they're they're
nice, but they gave me the code like to
share out. And I don't even like sharing
the code out because the code works on
their website, but I go to their website
and look and they're selling the printer
cheaper on Amazon
>> than they are on their own website. And
I'm like,
>> I'm like, what what are you doing here?
Like like you're kind of screwing me on
that. But so
>> yeah,
>> but my review of that thing has it has a
lot of views. It has like I don't know
50,000 plus views and I've made money on
that on that video as well. But uh
>> I think um just today somebody in the
water cooler was asking what's the name
of that printer that that Lonnie uses.
>> Yeah. And they they specifically said
wireless and so I I went in I saw you
commented. Thank you. Yeah. But I did go
in and I I tried I wanted to make it
crystal clear that it's wireless, but
it's Bluetooth and it only works through
their proprietary app that you have to
install. And I don't like that. We just
use it plugged into
>> we just use it hardwired to the
computer, which is fine, you know, but
it's a great printer, you know.
>> I mean, it's got to be one of the most
common questions on that on that
Facebook group like what what brand
printer should I get? And I always try
to say get whatever the cheapest one is.
Who cares? But everybody always says,
"Get a Rolo. Get a Rolo." Like, "Well, I
have this Nelco printer. I've had it for
three years. Haven't had a single
problem with it. And I could buy 10 of
them for the same cost as the as the
Rolo. So, I'll um if this one breaks,
I'll just buy another one."
>> I I think a lot of that is um and Ryan
was talking about this with the
expensive dinner he had the other night.
>> A lot of that is once somebody pays a
lot of money for something,
>> they want to they they feel like they
have to defend that thing. So they don't
feel like a fool. Yeah.
>> For paying that much money for it. You
know what I mean?
>> I suspect those printers are all made in
the same factory. They got to be just
put a different label on it.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> But there was a time when Roo first came
out that it was like that was like
because there weren't all these printers
that like do this, you know, to close
up.
Those didn't exist at one point. It was
all like the do style.
>> Yeah. Then all of a sudden, Rolo comes
out and it's like this new revolutionary
thing and but now they're a dime a
dozen. Yeah, I would just get a cheap
one.
>> But dude, you're get strapped buckle up
because you are about to get just an
onslaught of of printers
and have you been getting AI AI
companies because like we get AI we get
sponsorship deals from AI companies
every single day. All I really get is
people saying, um, I could help you fix
your titles and your thumbnails and get
get you more views. That's the main
thing, the main emails I get. But even
those are pretty few and far between.
>> I still get those all the time.
>> Yeah,
>> it's
>> Yeah, I didn't I didn't take many brand
deals uh when I was doing YouTube um
because I was always self-conscious
about that as well. like I I didn't want
to ever promote an item that I like that
I wasn't using myself.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so I think I think I funny enough I
think I only took one brand deal on
Thrift Mine and it was it was something
that wasn't even reselling related. It
was a knife set.
>> Yeah.
>> I got paid to to promote these knives
which I use.
>> They're like these really nice Japanese
knives. Super sharp.
>> I'll take some knives.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I did take that one. It made
sense at the time. So
>> the the the when I when I do promote
something, I want I mean to me it has to
be it has to be a great product and I
feel personally accountable.
stupid as that is, I like if that
company fails, I feel personally
accountable for that company failing
that customer that I referred to them
because I remember uh I had a a viewer
had a an issue with a bubble boy order
one time and he was like, "Lonnie, that
I clicked on your link and I bought it
and and it hadn't gotten here and they
said it has and I think they're scamming
me, you know, and I'm like
and then I So, you know what I did? I
messaged because I I have Joel's, you
know, this the CEO, founder, whatever's
uh cell phone number and I messaged him
about this one bubble wrap order and
Joel messaged me right back and then he
got the he got the customer taken care
of. But that's like
like when I recommend a company out like
that's that's the kind of relationship I
kind of want to have with them in case
something does come. So, I I recommend
Bubble Boy
>> that like that's the Is there anything
else I'm really recommend? I don't think
so. Like I I'm I'm all in on Bubble Boy,
though. I am.
>> I went out there. I went out to one of
their warehouses to picked up some
>> Oh, really?
>> some rolls of bubble wrap. I was really
like once I got there, I saw how big it
was. I like I don't know if I'm going to
fit this in my car and I really had to
compress it down and squeeze it in
there. But, um it's right by is it
Glendale Heights? like I live really
close to that um
>> eBay international shipping hub. So I
went over there and made a little short
out in front of there talking about it
and I was just think again I was
thinking like security is going to come
and get me you know I'm sitting out here
in a car
>> and that that place
>> I can't remember the name of it
>> but it's it's not eBay like eBay um
>> they they source that work out. It's a
like some kind of logistics company.
>> So there's not any any hint of eBay
around that around that
>> warehouse.
>> It used to be like P
>> Pittney Bose or somebody like that ran
it. I think
>> I can't remember what it's called. I
wrote it on a I went out there and I got
some boxes from a guy off Facebook
Marketplace and some bubble wrap and I
wrote it on the box the name of the
company and then six months later I
shipped that box out with that with that
name of that company on it. I was like,
"Oh yeah, I remember. I was out there,
but I don't remember what it's called
now. Just some generic name like a print
like a shipping company.
>> So, you went to American Bubble Boy.
>> Yeah.
>> They You went to their warehouse?
>> Yes. I I don't know how many they have.
Maybe 20 across the country.
>> I think it's like eight or nine.
>> I don't know. But this one is probably
like 40 minutes. 25 40 minutes for me.
>> It was weird. like like it's just like
an open garage door and I pulled up and
some guys who work there, you know,
standing outside smoking cigarettes, you
know, that's it. They just said there's
your stuff right there. I was in and out
of there in 20 seconds.
>> But but it's like wait, it's like super
cheap when you pick it up, right?
>> Yeah, it's a lot cheaper. But you got to
have a truck, you know? I don't have I
just got a little car and I was
squeezing that in there.
>> Yeah, those 700 foot rolls are freaking
massive. Yeah, I think I got eight of
them trying to
>> Oh, wow. Okay.
>> And I thought like, oh, am I gonna have
to make two trips out here? This is
going to suck. But I got them in the
car.
>> Wait, so you you you put like 5600 feet
of bubble wrap in your car.
>> Stop that. I got I got a lot of roll.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh man.
>> But yeah, it was a little bit weird. I
was thinking like, isn't anybody going
to say hello or welcome or goodbye or
thank you or anything? Like nobody said
a single word to me. They just pointed
like get those get those right there and
then I
>> they're not really they're not really
set up as a retail location. That's why.
Right.
>> Yeah. It's just like you know dock
workers hanging around there. I I know
that job. I did those kind of jobs for a
year. It's just you don't want to be
like I'm on my break, man. I'm trying to
smoke this cigarette.
>> That's that's cool. I I never, you know,
I've always wonder kind of wondered like
what's that like, you know, like going
because
>> I wish I man I wish we had a bubble boy
um warehouse close enough, man, to so to
where I could get it that cheap.
>> Tell Joel to hook you up.
>> That's when I figured like I'm close
enough. I should go check out this this
international shipping hub and see what
it looks like. And I expected a big eBay
logo, you know, on the side of the
building, but it's nothing like that at
all.
>> So So Bubble Boy is right there. right
there around.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. Makes sense.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. I'm way out on like the northwest
side of Chicago. Bar like I'm three
houses from the border of the city. So,
um they're out there somewhere. You
know, Glendale. Every every city in
Illinois has a name that sounds like
every other city. So, gets confusing.
I'm sure there's a Glen View Heights and
a Glendale Heights.
you you're going to enjoy. Uh if you go
check out Craigslist Hunter that I was
talking about earlier, he's in the
Chicago area. He's in um
>> Crystal Lake, I think.
>> Oh, yeah. Okay.
>> Which which I
>> Oh, yeah. So, he's Yeah, he's local.
Yeah. To
>> Yeah. That's not too far from here, I
don't think. Probably
>> 40 minutes, 25 minutes.
>> Yeah. Wow.
>> What do you have any uh do you have any
like questions for us or anything,
Chris? because we've been going
>> well. I mean, we touched on it a little
bit earlier, but I was thinking about
like
at this point, I don't feel like YouTube
is
like my career, you know, or even like
has anything to do with my my my
um my personality or anything like is it
was there a time when you were like,
"Okay, yeah, I'm a YouTuber now."
Uh, like for me,
>> yeah,
>> I don't I don't know. That's that's
actually a good question because I think
I did consider myself a YouTuber
eventually, but when that happened, I
don't I don't know when.
>> Maybe when I hit
>> Yeah. What does that mean?
>> Like, I mean, there's people who are
like YouTube famous and you've never
even heard of them. So all of a sudden,
like I just saw today a list like here's
the most um the most viewed YouTube
channels and I never heard of a single
one of them.
>> It's interesting. You
you know what you know what I'm picking
up from this Chris? I'll be honest with
you like from this whole thing. You seem
like you're almost
you're like really like not wanting to
be a YouTuber. It seems like you and
like like seriously like it feels like
you're trying to resist it. Like it's
but yet you're also you also want to do
really well at it but you also don't
want to be that. Am I picking up like
the right signal here or
>> Well, I mean I I like doing it. I I mean
it is fun and I I feel like every time I
get a little bit better it feels good
and
>> but I just don't know like is this going
to be
like it seems like some people like this
is their whole thing you know I am a
YouTuber and that's that's how I
>> present myself in the world and I don't
know if I I'll ever feel like I could do
that.
>> Yeah,
>> but I mean I haven't been doing for 10
years or 12 years like maybe 15 years
for you guys. I I don't present myself
as a YouTuber when like if somebody
says, "What do you do?" I'm a reseller.
That's what I say.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> But
>> but that doesn't tell the whole story,
though.
>> H
>> I guess when people would ask me about
it, I I would say or I would have said
>> like, "Oh, I do YouTube." I'd never be
like, "Oh, I'm a YouTuber."
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz cuz I'm kind of I'm in the same boat
as you, Chris. I I have a full-time job
as well and I was doing reselling
part-time and I still do and I was doing
reselling part-time and and juggling
that with YouTube and it was never like
my set full-time income like it it you
know I made great money and stuff of
course but it was never like my full
identity I guess or what like what I did
for a living. So
>> that's it.
>> Is that kind of what you're getting at?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. So yeah, I never hit the point of
where YouTube was making more than my
day. Well, a a few okay, a few months I
actually made a few months in the span
of the four or five years that I was
doing YouTube, I made more on YouTube
than I did on my day job, but it wasn't,
you know, every month. Um,
and yeah, I just never considered it my
full-time gig, if that makes sense.
>> Yeah. So, I would just say I do YouTube
when people ask,
>> not like a YouTuber.
>> I don't identify as a YouTuber because
uh I sound sound like I'm I don't
identify that's weird. I don't identify
myself like my identity isn't as a
YouTuber because I feel like I'm on
YouTube only in so far as I cover the
thing that I really am, which is a
reseller. and with outside of the
context of reselling, YouTube doesn't
exist for me. So, I feel like it's it's
an add-on feature to reselling versus
I'm a YouTuber that resell. It's always
and also
>> there's always been kind of a stigma
like some some of these guys that have
really hit it big in this space as a
YouTuber like they start getting
questioned. are you legitimately a
reseller or are you just a and
>> and that seems to mess with some of
their heads and I
>> I don't want like I don't want I don't
want to actually I do I' I'd love to
make about $100,000 a month on YouTube
to be honest and deal with that issue.
But uh
>> I' I'd be happy with 100,000 a year,
>> right?
>> I'd be ecstatic about that. I'm trying
to uh retire early, so I think I'm
probably about the same age as you,
Lonnie. Um, but I might be older than
you. I was born in January of 74.
>> Oh, no. I'm older than you. I'm older
than you. Yeah, I'm older than you by
about I was born in September of 73.
>> Oh, okay. Yeah. So, just a few months.
So I can retire at 55 and I've just got
like three more years and I'm thinking
>> I I could be making like right now I'm
this year I expect to make almost
exactly the same amount as I make at my
day job on just selling on eBay. That
doesn't include any of the other like
YouTube money or whatever.
>> So I figured if I can get that if I can
like almost double that in three years
then I can just take it easy. And I
don't I don't hate my job or anything,
but I just I just don't want to have to
get up and go to work, you know, when
somebody else has control over me.
>> So, if I could retire at 55, then I'm
then I'm going to do it.
>> But pretty much I've already decided I'm
doing it no matter what. So,
>> and and Well, yeah. And YouTube's going
to help you out with that, too, right?
Like if I'm working like basically two
hours a day on eBay and I'm making as
much money as I am eight hours a day at
the other job, if I could work four
hours a day on eBay, maybe I could do a
little bit better than I than I'm doing
at the other job.
>> Yep.
>> And my wife got a pretty big raise a
couple years ago. So I'm I'm happy with
that, too. Um Yeah.
>> YouTube could definitely change that.
And it could definitely change it very
quickly. I'll tell you that.
>> How do you guys think about What do you
guys think about taxes? Paying taxes. I
I've been doing these tax returns myself
and I don't know if I'm doing them right
and it gets gets more and more hairy
every every year.
>> Uh I have a tax guy.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That's my answer.
>> I do it myself and and I don't that's
one thing. I don't ever talk accounting.
I don't talk tax I don't talk any of
that on YouTube ever because like if you
want to get criticized if you think
getting criticized about uh packing
>> you think people be critical about that.
>> Yeah. But
yeah, I definitely a different tax
situation when you're working for
yourself, though. There's no doubt about
that.
>> I mean, we are I always had just W2
jobs, you know, regular jobs, and then
um it's real easy. So, I've done those
taxes myself for
>> I don't know, 40 years, and then all of
a sudden,
we we got rental, you know, the upstairs
rental, we got money coming in from
that. That's complicated already. Then,
um then the eBay stuff is complicated.
And then adding on to that now all this
YouTube stuff. So I I'm I'm dragging my
feet on it this year. I don't really
want to do it. Gets me I usually I'm
yelling at people like
>> I asked I asked my wife, "Hey Jessica,
where's this document?" And she says,
"Which document?" I said, "I said I want
that document." You know, I need that
document. Like I just so stressed out
about it. So, uh, I I probably will be
finding some kind of a accountant, but
even that's complicated finding somebody
that can It's a weird It's a weird
business. M
>> and I think it's going to get weirder
for you too because I'm telling you not
too long before we started this show.
Ryan and I were like we were looking
like cuz we both been kind of looking at
your channel to you know seeing how you
progress and I could kind of see how
your mind works probing different things
and trying it and you know you find
success and whatnot. I said this dude's
going to get a viral soon. You're you're
you're gonna hit
>> No, you will. You're going to hit some
virals, man, and you're going to be
you're going to be really successful
with I I truly believe that
>> you you just need, you know, if you keep
on the
>> Yeah.
>> A hard time like,
>> you know, I'm not gonna
early on I tried like let's put on some
YouTube voice and you know, welcome back
to the channel, guys. You know, that
kind of stuff. This is this is not this
is not for me. So, I um I think that
some people would be like, "Why is this
boring? Why does anybody want to watch
this boring guy?"
>> No, that's what makes you great because
you're you're being authentic. You're
being yourself.
>> I do get a lot of comments saying that
my voice is calming and they like to
listen to me to go to sleep. Like, oh,
that's weird. But, um you do what you
got to do.
I
>> I feel like you and I probably hit a lot
of the same audience, Chris. And also,
>> yeah, I never feel like you're putting
on a character.
>> Oh, well, I I try not to. Um, sometimes
I'm a little over the top, but I'm
really like Ryan could Ryan could
probably attest to that. Like in person,
I'm
>> Yep.
>> A little much sometimes, actually.
>> In a good way.
>> Have Ryan, have I ever made you
uncomfortable though? Like, like, whoa,
this dude's going too far this time.
>> No. Uh, no. Not that I can think of off
the top of my head. Uh, you're lying,
>> dude. I'm
okay. What about What about the first
time like the u the first the first re
the reseller rally we met at in uh well
the last in Cincinnati?
>> I was a little over the top there.
>> Talk about that a little bit.
>> H
>> talk about that reseller rally.
>> Oh, you want to talk about it?
>> Yeah,
>> I was looking at it. I I see the tickets
are for sale, but there's nothing that
says this is what the reseller rally is.
So, it's kind of hard to know. Do you
want to
>> Huh?
>> Do we want to talk about Oh,
>> that's great feedback
because this the the reseller rally is
put on is being put on by John
Cincinnati Picker. Do you watch his
channel ever or have you?
>> I I I've seen some of it like I saw, you
know, recently since you talked to him.
>> Okay. So what it is basically what I
don't know Ryan what do you what do you
think it is maybe maybe
>> it's it's mostly so
it's a it's a get together in Cincinnati
where people from it's mostly like
>> it's mostly people that like follow the
big hosts on on YouTube. Uh well this
year John's hosting it right pretty much
>> he's he's the sole host. Yeah
>> he's the sole host. So, it's it's where
people can go who like follow these
different channels and it's just a big
get together of bunch of resellers and
we all kind of stay in the we all pretty
much stay in the same hotel, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Because there's a
>> there's a networking event
uh on Friday night. There's going to be
a networking like a networking event
with, you know, drinking and and
socializing and all that. And then the
next day um is going to be the riverboat
cruise where it's like a dinner cruise
and there's going to be games and more
mixer type things and really it's a
chance for resellers to come to like you
were talking about earlier just
resellers to come together get to know
each other have fun. A lot of times, uh,
people go out like garage salailing or
thrifting in in groups and,
>> um, just getting a chance to to meet
each other. Uh, like if you went to it,
for instance, you would probably like
the first one I went to was in 2017,
which is which I had actually less
subscribers than you do now, I think,
because you're you're like coming in on
like 2,000 subs now, right, Chris? I
think I just went over 1900 today.
>> Okay. I had less I think less
subscribers than you have now in 2017.
And and that reseller that was the the
first reseller rally that year and it
was actually in Chicago
in
>> Shber. I like that idea
>> because Pete hosted it that year, right?
>> Yeah. Craigslist Hunter that I was
telling you about hosted it in
Shawnberg, Illinois.
And um that's when I went up there and
and I was going to see people like Pete
and some other resellers that I had seen
on YouTube. And lo and behold, I get
there and I have all these people coming
up to me. Like if you went to this
event,
>> if you went to this event, you would
have a bunch of people coming up to you
saying, "Man, I watch all your videos. I
love your content. Thank you." you know,
and they would you would get to meet a
lot of your viewers at this kind of
thing and just like when I when I was
kind of on and you would probably be
meeting people that you watch. Um, but
it's but I I I I hesitate to describe it
as just a YouTuber event because it's
not. There's like just resellers getting
to know each other, but a lot of a lot
of people like will recognize each other
from like the comments or maybe Facebook
groups
or things like that too. So, but it's
really a get together, a party. Um it's
there's not like uh there's not like
serious panels or like educ you know
like education type things.
>> It's a hangout get together.
>> It is it's just a lot of fun.
>> Fun time. Yeah.
>> So yeah. But I'm glad you asked that
question because like if you went to
that web page and you're still asking
and you're saying what is this? What
what is what do you what do they do
there? then that means there's trouble
with the page and I need
>> I mean basically what you said was what
I assumed
but like I thought is there going to be
serious panels you know I I didn't know
>> yep that's great feedback though Chris
so I'll I'll tell John about that um I
think he's already sold over half the
tickets but I'll tell John about that uh
hey John you need to tell the people
what what exactly this is because he's
assuming everybody knows because they
did one back in 2023,
>> right?
>> Um, in the same and in 2021. So, he's
probably just assuming, hey y'all, it's
time for the reseller rally,
>> right?
>> Same people, they know what it is.
Somebody like me, I never even heard of
that. So,
>> I'm I'm just here in my own little world
doing my own little thing. So,
>> right.
>> I don't know. I don't like on this
channel, I hear you guys talking about
like
>> people's names. I'm like, "Oh, who who
are they talking about? Who are they
talking about?"
So, so you don't really watch much
YouTube yourself, do you?
>> I watch a few things, but you know what?
Early on, I was like trying to learn,
you know, let's see like what kind of
things I should be looking for and
whatever. So, I hit on a few people that
I that I stick with and then a lot of
people just didn't click with me. So, I
basically watch I watch uh you and
Candace pretty much every video that
comes out. I don't always get to all of
the uh packing videos. Um,
I don't watch all the Kevin Commonwealth
Kevin stuff, but sometimes those titles
you were talking about, sometimes they
just trick me into watching them even
though I know exactly what he's going to
say. I watch anyway.
>> That means it was effective, right?
>> That's right.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I also usually watch Justin
Resells. You know him?
He's uh
>> he's pretty good for like a you know new
people, but once you're once you're
doing it for a while, you know, you're
not going to get that much good advice
from him after
>> once you've got once you know what
you're doing.
>> That you know that that's something I
want to tell you a little piece of
advice that I need myself is that like I
figure that once I say something I don't
need to say it again because I already
said it. But the fact is, like what you
just said, most I would say like not
all, but most people that are watching
YouTube resellers are are fairly new.
Not always, but fairly new. and the
turnover on those because like people
watch I've seen a lot of times people
watch me for six months to a year and I
see them in the comments and then all of
a sudden they're gone
>> and they probably just got tired of
seeing the same thing or they you know
they're they moved on or whatever. The
turnover in this space for your
viewership
uh is pretty extreme. As a matter of
fact, you'll see a lot of channels that
have a 100, 200,000, 300,000 subs,
>> and some of them do really well.
>> Some of them don't get as many views as
my channel does.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, because the turnover happened,
and they're not getting any they're not
getting like you constantly have to get
new viewers. And the whole reason I
brought that up is don't be afraid to
repeat yourself because there's a good
chance like 75% of who you're talking to
after 6 months didn't hear it the first
time because you they like like you
we're we're saying things and referring
to things you have no idea what we're
talking you're like what who is that?
What is that?
>> Yeah.
>> And we just assume that everybody knows
you know
>> I almost never like I don't ever
introduce myself. I don't I think I
probably said my name on the channel
once, maybe twice. I never I just never
think to do that do that. And um
sometimes I'll be like halfway through
an introduction and I think I didn't
even say the word eBay. Like these
people don't necessarily know what I'm
talking about. But I just usually just
go with it. You know, they'll figure it
out from the context,
>> right?
>> I I would I would probably um introduce
I would I would probably say your name
every video like at the beginning. Yeah.
I would think about it like I do like we
do that like hello, welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie. I'm Candace. Blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah.
>> Yeah.
>> Or more personal,
>> right? Welcome back to I'm gonna pack
it. I'm Lonnie. I'm Candace.
>> I I get worried about that first that
first 30 seconds, you know, like if I'm
boring somebody by telling them my name,
I just got to get right into it. So, um
sometimes I just jump right to the
usually whatever my title's going to be,
that's just the first thing I say. Like,
let's go. We're going to do this thing.
>> That's smart. Get cut right to the
chase. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, Ryan, this is the good news.
>> Awesome.
>> The good news is a lot of people No,
you're fine. The good news is a lot of
people are going to watch this and learn
about a lot about Chris. Two hours
worth.
>> Yeah.
>> Officially the longest episode yet,
which is awesome. This has been This has
been great.
>> You You may not have to watch Chris's
channel now. We We got everything out of
here.
>> We covered everything. I do make long
videos, so that's what I like to do.
>> I will Oh, I I did want to say um real
quick as well. I will leave a link down
in the description below to uh to
Chris's channel. Did you have Is that
just what you have? Just your YouTube
channel.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. So, I'll put your YouTube channel
down in the description below. Go give
him a sub
>> and uh go check out his channel.
>> So, yeah. Thank you guys.
>> This has been fun, though. I I really
appreciate you going on, Chris. Yeah,
>> I it's exciting to uh have a chance to
talk to you guys. I really appreciate
it.
>> No, this is this is really fun, man. And
um that's one of the things like I I
know when we started this podcast,
uh we came out of the gate pretty hard
because like this is YouTube and you
have to capture people's attention and
you got to get them to watch and this is
um
>> yeah,
>> a new project for us. And so we came out
and um you know we played off of the
whole Commonwealth and trash to cash
guys and whatnot. And although
everything that happened on those
episodes was 100%
real. I was not like like I actually did
have beef with him and yeah, you know or
whatever.
>> I thought that was beautiful. I I really
enjoyed hearing you talk to to Kevin on
that on their podcast. I just thought
like this is like a breath of fresh air.
These guys are just always making fun of
each other and then Lonnie comes in and
just like sincerely apologize and and
say I got my feelings hurt. And you know
it was really nice to hear some adult
men just being actual humans.
>> It it felt it felt weird at the time.
Um, and it was very awkward because I
know typically they aren't that serious
on their show and here I come in like,
"Oh, no. I'm serious, guys." Like, you
know what I mean? Like, because I like
to cut up and joke and stuff as much as
the next person. But I was I was very
serious about all all of that.
Everything that's happened on this
podcast up to date has been serious.
>> Like, we joke, but like none of this is
put on. None of this is done for drama
purposes or anything like that. Although
we do recognize the fact that that did
help kickstart this channel.
>> But the reason the reason I'm saying all
this is because what Ryan and I have
talked about for quite a while now is
like one of the things that we really
want to do is give back. We want to help
people. We want situations
where there's a winw win. We want to
win. We want to help people like Chris
that are deserving, that are doing good
things and need more exposure because we
both, Ryan and I both had this done for
us
>> when we were first starting up.
>> Like like if we can help Chris along the
way on his journey to, you know, having
a better retirement or retiring early or
whatever it is,
>> then we want to do that. And we also
want our our audience to win by
discovering new creators with a fresh
different voice or perspective that is
already out there. Because
>> you know the guys like me, guys like
Ryan, we don't need help. We were
already established. Whatever our
results are are result of how good or
bad our work is at the time,
>> you know. But guys like Chris, he may or
may not. It's not always fair on YouTube
as far as exposure goes or like with Rev
Research
>> from last week.
>> So, we're going to continue to have, you
know, we're going to have Cincinnati
Picker is going to be sitting in your
chair next week and he doesn't need any
help.
>> So, you're pushing Candace back again?
>> Well, I Yeah, she's coming soon. She
She'll be here soon. But but if we do
spot another opportunity that we both
feel strongly about that we want to
bring uh exposure to, we'll do it again.
>> Uh because but that's something that's
really important. That's what and we've
been asked like what is this for? One
thing that is for is for this right here
u to bring some fresh faces and fresh
voices to the scene that we think you
guys will enjoy. Uh we
>> I sure appreciate the opportunity. So
thank you so much.
>> You're very welcome. And uh all It has
been and uh yeah, thanks thanks a bunch
to everyone uh that has been giving us
feedback and watching us too. It's been
>> I have no anxiety
>> I I haven't had anxiety reading these
comments. I'll say that.
>> No, it's been great. Yeah, I love the
feedback, guys. We really appreciate it.
But definitely go give Chris Hot Lunch
Reselling a a uh a follow. And um again,
thank you Chris for being on fun.
>> All right, you guys. We'll see you. Bye
y'all. Bye-bye.